David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's supposed to go to white.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah, Jen's show got moved. So we'll do something else. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric, how's your Internet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it was my my laptop, actually, but seems okay. Now we'll see.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's begin.
Tim Sackton: So, oops.
Tim Sackton: we begin
Tim Sackton: in the darkness.
Tim Sackton: As we catch a glimpse into the mind of Lord Rhoda von Glauer.
Tim Sackton: looking at the sad creatures bumbling in the dark before him, and another misguided attempt to take his power, he assumes
Tim Sackton: watching them, he thinks back. He can still remember his days among the living.
Tim Sackton: He joined the eyes of Edmakoff out of a sense of patriotism, he supposes.
Tim Sackton: misguided. It turned out
Tim Sackton: in those days the Ranja ol call Okolov was strong, the eyes in the shield. People said Okolov and Mersmir, the watchers and the protectors, the heart of the defense of earth against the dragons of the North.
Tim Sackton: who are always seeking to reclaim their power to rise again in another great host.
Tim Sackton: to see another Vimpros take all the north
Tim Sackton: he took to the magic of Alkalabi so easily.
Tim Sackton: Even now the watcher's magic flows through him. Those fool adventurers probably don't realize he's been watching them since they set foot on Dragon's Peak.
Tim Sackton: waiting patiently.
Tim Sackton: They have shown skill and cleverness, though they'll make good lieutenants
Tim Sackton: no slope cold death in the snow for them, their minds consumed by putured Agnes.
Tim Sackton: The death of servitude in his army is what they deserve and what they'll get
Tim Sackton: with his sight. He advanced quickly a boy from a tiny village in the foothills for nothing. Really, it was soon taken the oath and the binding even being talked about
Tim Sackton: as the next leader of the Ranja Okolov.
Tim Sackton: The one thing he misses sometimes the vast scope of his sight. Back, then powered by the crab
Tim Sackton: watching the whole of Ersk from the high towers, and Vedacod, seeing the plumes of magic.
Tim Sackton: the occasional hole in the Mormiers wars that signaled a fool to be dealt with.
Tim Sackton: being able to close his eyes and still see the pulsing waves of crab flowing across the land. That was something.
Tim Sackton: but how little he knew then.
Tim Sackton: until he took the final step and realized it was all a lie.
Tim Sackton: His power was not his was never his. It was always ersks, and only for Ersk.
Tim Sackton: Rodney. Mara's mirror was too clever.
Tim Sackton: Crab, the arcane upwelling now, a millstone, a noose around his neck.
Tim Sackton: He had come from nothing and thought he was growing strong, but it was all, for not he was instead, growing into a servant
Tim Sackton: utterly bound to the people who sacrificed for him. He was not free, not even a little.
Tim Sackton: not free. Even though he was the leader of the strongest Ranja in Ersk.
Tim Sackton: He could feel the iron walls of duty closing around him.
Tim Sackton: changing him, infiltrating his mind, and he had to escape
Tim Sackton: somewhere there had to be a solution. It was a little nagging thing that gave them the answer. A petty hedge witch, who had made some kind of promise
Tim Sackton: to a devil, she knew not who, but it gave her power and strength outside the crowd
Tim Sackton: she was nothing a pointless plaything for the fiend.
Tim Sackton: He, though, was far from nothing.
Tim Sackton: The Patty Hedwich had to die, of course, but in her death a deal could be made
Tim Sackton: freedom and eternal life
Tim Sackton: the only cost to price he would never pay, for. He never planned to die.
Tim Sackton: He even grew to love the taste of blood.
Tim Sackton: He grins in the darkness, eager for the new blood to fill his ranks.
Tim Sackton: and everybody well, initiative.
Tim Sackton: and I'll give you like
Tim Sackton: 5 or so minutes to
Tim Sackton: strategize. If you want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oops!
Tim Sackton: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what strategies guys do? We need.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tim. I just see a black map. Is that.
Mike Sackton: And at this point.
Tim Sackton: Yep, because that's yeah. Magic darkness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until we so.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this
Eric Rosenbaum: those cool new spells are not available until.
Tim Sackton: Level up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Captured.
Tim Sackton: Gotta win first.
Mike Sackton: Damn!
Eric Rosenbaum: I I've burned a lot of spell slots. It looks like.
Mike Sackton: Main strategy, I think, is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't. I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Not have any spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, there's I took some. I definitely have a few. I have all my first levels, but.
Mike Sackton: Very.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Mike Sackton: Fourth or fifth.
Eric Rosenbaum: One, fourth.
Eric Rosenbaum: one, fifth.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1, 6.
Mike Sackton: Well, the first thing you do should be cast your strongest 6 levels, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Bye, bye.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Backing up a step, though
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how does the protection from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brisbane work? Is that a 30 foot radius? We're immune to fear and charm.
Mike Sackton: No, we have advantage on saving throws against fear and charm within 30 feet of Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kenza. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: And so is immune. The rest of you.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, isn't it?
Tim Sackton: If you're within 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: So we should stay within. We should all stay within 30 feet of Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: What order are you coming down the hall? By the way, it's single file.
Mike Sackton: Probably
Mike Sackton: what dealt with Kenzo Briswyn, seeker.
Mike Sackton: Well, be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Tim Sackton: I'll be his first Briswyn
Tim Sackton: sneaker down.
Mike Sackton: Others are actually
Mike Sackton: well. Oh, initiative. One is first, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Initiative. I didn't see Kenzo. Where did Kong? Where did you? Well, for Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, initiative! Sorry!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is.
Mike Sackton: Briswin get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21.
Tim Sackton: 16.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure what's going on here. Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep getting kicked.
Mike Sackton: Because until we can see doing stuff is tricky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's is it safe to assume there's gonna be more than just a vampire lord in this room. Do you think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Always, always some beans.
Mike Sackton: Probably has some
Mike Sackton: bats or double minions of some kind. Wait, are we still? Are we in? My store's not glowing, is it?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: So there's no fiends within 120 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would it be visible in magical darkness if there were.
Tim Sackton: You would still sunset. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So with wellbees. Ambush, master, y'all get an initiative on the first thing that I hit in the first round.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So one question is, should that be?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, the vampire Lord, and we all just try and pile on. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Except except I don't know how you're gonna hit them, because you can't see them.
Tim Sackton: I mean you're certainly welcome to try. You heard him speak.
Mike Sackton: Warrant.
Tim Sackton: In front.
Mike Sackton: You you should register for Briswyn, casting Sunday.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that makes sense.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: At worst you shoot, and you still can't see them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will sunbeam dispel the darkness, though.
Mike Sackton: Now it just shed sunlight within 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: It has bright light within 30 feet of dim light within
Tim Sackton: 30 feet, but on that so 60 feet total light.
Mike Sackton: But it's specifically also sunlight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will the daylight spell from our drift globes override
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): darkness in general.
Mike Sackton: If it's.
Tim Sackton: Generally speaking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
Tim Sackton: In your experience. Yes, magical darkness is typically a second level spell. There's no guarantee. This is normal magical darkness. But, normally speaking, any spell of third level or higher overrides magic.
Mike Sackton: But does daylight? Does it require an action to activate it?
Tim Sackton: It does.
Mike Sackton: Could we have activated that as soon as it got dark?
Mike Sackton: What was that.
Tim Sackton: No cause. As soon as that dark dark is when you move initially.
Mike Sackton: Ready for day.
Mike Sackton: The important things are, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Time.
Mike Sackton: Stick. I think I doubt but it's unlikely that vampires have big masked area attacks.
Mike Sackton: so staying together
Mike Sackton: is probably the right move so that we can take advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Mike Sackton: Of Kenzo's
Mike Sackton: Aara and Briswyn's daylight, and then
Mike Sackton: getting
Mike Sackton: just, I think, ignore everything except him and focus all of our attacks on him is the right move.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is he likely to have
Eric Rosenbaum: weaker wisdom, or interred.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think Kenza got away for it.
Tim Sackton: Kansas term to find out.
Mike Sackton: But also he's guaranteed to have legendary resistance.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we need to.
Mike Sackton: But so I mean you can. So something that does damage, even if he that is some effect, even if he makes the save, is better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: He'll definitely legendary resistance, like I mean, any boss at this level will have 3 resistances. I don't know if anybody has more than 3, but he'll have 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, Germany is.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, how many is psychic disruption.
Mike Sackton: It's not bad to burn, I mean every legendary, every creature fought. Legendary resistances are getting rid of them is good right? Because there's generally some benefit to not having
Mike Sackton: something they can't do right like
Mike Sackton: Mascho lost some tentacle, or I forget all the details. Garage lost is like
Mike Sackton: ability to bind people's hearts so that they could move and stuff like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: In terms of
Eric Rosenbaum: damage flavors.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's something there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Vampires are known to do like our channel wise.
Tim Sackton: You can be almost guaranteed. He is immune to chronic damage.
Mike Sackton: Radios are highest, image.
Tim Sackton: Radiant, should be a safe bet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody. But again cancel.
Tim Sackton: Kenza.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's ideal.
Tim Sackton: And it's teasels. Oh.
Tim Sackton: I mean, vampires typically fight with weapons.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: He's here. He's gonna be trying to stab us with a sword. He's gonna be trying to charm us and then
Mike Sackton: and then have us kill each other. That's his main tactic right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that is a common vampire tactic as well.
Mike Sackton: But advantage is quite useful on charms. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have to be safe.
Mike Sackton: Stuff, because like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean one of those 2 times.
Mike Sackton: Charisma, save so some of us are better than those
Mike Sackton: those than others. Right.
Tim Sackton: Charm is usually wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Possession is usually charisma, but charm is with them.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ring gives me advantage on that. But would that just be.
Mike Sackton: But you don't. You can't double stack advantage.
Tim Sackton: You can't double advantage. Also, being within 30 feet of Kenza gets the advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That. Bardic inspiration! Right? You got a bunch of those still there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't give it to myself, though.
Mike Sackton: Correct, but you should be prepared to give it to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that we don't kill each other.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Can you hand? What is the rules for product inspiration? Can we?
Mike Sackton: Can you hand them out beforehand or.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems to be too late for that. But.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's they only last for 10 min, so they're a little bit awkward to hand out in like walking down a corner right? Cause. They don't. Things that are an hour you can assume like, okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Can do it. It doesn't matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but I thought Eric could use them, or she could use them as reactions.
Tim Sackton: We've we've basically been playing. You can use them either as a bonus action or a reaction which is fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only once, per brand.
Mike Sackton: You only got one, but.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you only have one reaction, so you can't double. You can only use that against one person.
Tim Sackton: and if you use your reaction, you, then don't have it for counter spell, or whatever else.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I could counterspell or dispel magic, or whatever the darkness, maybe, but maybe not.
Eric Rosenbaum: and if that's worth it.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Remember, this guy was apparently a very high level.
Tim Sackton: Mage is.
Mike Sackton: Probably a vampire wizard
Mike Sackton: didn't even think of that. He probably has decent spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have we considered running away.
Mike Sackton: That's annoying. He's gonna have high level spells, but he can't do a million things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do area of attack, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby.
Mike Sackton: Right. I didn't really think about that. He might be casting fireball on us instead of.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so the Rainbow Bridge is available.
Tim Sackton: Rainbow Bridge is available.
Tim Sackton: Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Sucks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some cost fallacy guys. Some cost.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): order of actions here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If Sunbeam is a narrow path.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brisbane, do you need to be able to see
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what you're aiming at before you cast it.
Mike Sackton: It creates light when you cast it.
Tim Sackton: When you cast it it creates light. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you don't need to be able to see your target before.
Tim Sackton: One problem is that it doesn't say
Tim Sackton: it doesn't say you choose which creatures in the line.
Tim Sackton: It's every creature in the line, so there can't be anybody in between Risen and the vampire.
Tim Sackton: otherwise they also get hit by Sunbeam.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great
Eric Rosenbaum: Cope.
Tim Sackton: But it creates light when you cast that. I mean, you could also do something like spiritual
Tim Sackton: guardian, which
Tim Sackton: does an equivalent amount of radiant damage. If you cast a bit
Tim Sackton: sixth level.
Mike Sackton: But we, we urgently need light. We will die.
Tim Sackton: Letting, some.
Mike Sackton: Without like.
Tim Sackton: Somebody would need to use daylight, use their action on daylight instead. In that case.
Mike Sackton: And a sixth level spell is a lot more reliable with getting rid of darkness than the third one.
Tim Sackton: That that is correct.
Tim Sackton: that is the same, and.
Kate Sackton: Hoping that
Kate Sackton: radiant damages
Kate Sackton: I mean bad for a vampire.
Mike Sackton: If the radio damage is bad for a vampire. That's great cause my sword is radio damage.
Tim Sackton: The thing that the thing that you that I mentioned last time is that you permanently kill a vamp, so a vampire can't be reduced below 0. Hit points in their call coffin
Tim Sackton: to permanently kill a vampire. You have to do radiant damage to them
Tim Sackton: in their while they're in reforming in their coffin.
Tim Sackton: so if you reduce them to 0 points, they reappear in their coffin as like a cloud, and begin to reform.
Mike Sackton: We have an hour.
Tim Sackton: You have an hour until they're done reforming. So
Tim Sackton: whether they're particularly whether they particularly suffer from radiant damage
Tim Sackton: other than that is unclear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we get any new awesome items that we could use in our recent purchase?
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess we already used one.
Tim Sackton: Nope, no more than than 2 more minutes. Real world time. Then we.
Mike Sackton: I think we're ready to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tower.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go. This is what else we gotta talk about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, well.
Tim Sackton: Me Europe.
Tim Sackton: You're first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm confident I can still hit this in the dark. Should I do it, or hold until there's light.
Mike Sackton: I, if I was you I'd hold another mic. But it's not you up to you.
Kate Sackton: You have awesome hearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take the shot.
Mike Sackton: Dealing, lost in hearing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tim. I wouldn't have sneak attack damage, though. Right.
Tim Sackton: You would not have sneak attack. Damage you would either have.
Tim Sackton: you'd have disadvantage unless you steady aim. If you steady aim, you'd have a straight role.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll study. Am I think it's worth it to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not throw the sequence of things off?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I'll use the clockwork amulet
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to roll a 10, which is a 22
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with the arrow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I use 2 charges of the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): flaming posting
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be as an arrow. Flies.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Kate Sackton: One more thing before we start.
Kate Sackton: I think that we coordinated that like well, be dodges slightly left, and Kenza dodges slightly right after his actions, so that Brisbane has a clear shot with Sunbeam, and nobody gets friendly fired.
Kate Sackton: Just saying.
Mike Sackton: But Dallas gonna be in the way, no matter what you have to wait till after.
Tim Sackton: You gotta you gotta step in front of.
Mike Sackton: Bar. You have to just walk in front of everybody.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I'll have to walk around you cause you can't walk around.
Mike Sackton: Walk through a friendly persons.
Mike Sackton: You can walk through that room space. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's just.
Kate Sackton: Elbow you out of the way to go.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Cast my spell by.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So while these arrow flies to the darkness, and you can faintly see this, this dim flame
Tim Sackton: strikes the vampire.
Eric Rosenbaum: A
Tim Sackton: Alerting you to its location, giving you all advantage and canceling the darkness. Not technically. That's just how I'm flavoring. You're
Tim Sackton: your ability.
Tim Sackton: but you don't get sync attack, so that does 17 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): d 6 plus 6. Right? Yeah. So 17 altogether sorry.
Tim Sackton: Plus the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2D, 6 is the fire? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shouldn't.
Tim Sackton: The the vampire looks up
Tim Sackton: slightly annoyed. To see this arrow coming coming
Tim Sackton: down, and
Tim Sackton: although you
Tim Sackton: you can't see this
Tim Sackton: all of you make a dexterity saving throw.
Tim Sackton: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Otherwise there's there's no music.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unit.
Mike Sackton: I am music.
Kate Sackton: Faint.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really, I don't hear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Is that better volume
Tim Sackton: Kenza dexterity saving, throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: a.
Tim Sackton: you hear the sound what sounds like
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: almost like a blood splatter splashing on all of you. You can't see it see anything, but it hits
Tim Sackton: everybody
Tim Sackton: and doesn't do any damage.
Tim Sackton: Just seems to mark you
Tim Sackton: and Kansas up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can we I, so we can't see anything yet.
Tim Sackton: Can't see anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And would it be did we have our drift floats on.
Mike Sackton: Could use your.
Tim Sackton: So, not.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like.
Tim Sackton: You. You could use your action to use daylight.
Tim Sackton: you! It's up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could also, and hear me out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because advantage and disadvantage have canceled each other out, you could close with the vampire in total darkness, and just start attacking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love, I love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's.
Mike Sackton: Just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Depends on.
Mike Sackton: How far wait. We know what square the enterprise is in right.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a.
Mike Sackton: Like the arrow marking the square.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. The arrow mark is right. There.
Mike Sackton: Far away.
Tim Sackton: From Kenzo
Tim Sackton: 60 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Pencil. Pencil, will
Tim Sackton: Kenza's got bonkers movement.
Mike Sackton: But I know we're just gonna
Mike Sackton: we're breaking our entire strategy of
Mike Sackton: getting.
Kate Sackton: Within 30 days.
Mike Sackton: On site.
Tim Sackton: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Oh, dude.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have arranged to tech Kenzo. How long is your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Punch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Attack. I've got.
Mike Sackton: I would go 30 feet and fist the Planar power.
Mike Sackton: I can see. There you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I can 30 feet fist. A player.
Mike Sackton: Right like I just I think we should try to stay so that people are kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Nearby, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just call me right.
Mike Sackton: No, I said nearby we should try to stay, so that people are nearby.
Tim Sackton: Ken, so I'll move you, since it's pitch blackness you're moving 30 feet forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then fiscal plane of power.
Tim Sackton: Okay. As you know, this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Enemy, of.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like in between us.
Tim Sackton: You, Kenzo, you sense as you get about about 25 feet forward, like there's a there's a lip here the ground drops off, and there's like a shallow pool of some sort of liquid right in front of you.
Tim Sackton: which I assume you choose not to run into.
Tim Sackton: or do you run into.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I'm 35 feet away now.
Tim Sackton: No, you're 25 feet away before you get. You're perceptive and aware enough of your surroundings that as you're running forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no! But.
Tim Sackton: Before you scout.
Mike Sackton: Far to the vampire.
Tim Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: Oh,
Tim Sackton: You're 30 feet to the vampire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's exactly where I want to be. I want to be exactly 30 feet, so as to now. Now do a pistol player, power
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and.
Mike Sackton: Can you, soul, say them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, even better. I'll do that first. I'll spend a.
Tim Sackton: You don't need third, your your level. Whatever 13 ability mean. You don't need to see this. Do some site. You're just aware people's are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: So amazing, but.
Tim Sackton: He's okay. Immune to charmed, frightened, prone, stunned, and incapacitated
Tim Sackton: immune to necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: resistant to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non magical attacks.
Tim Sackton: does not really have any weak saves. I guess you could say int is his weakest
Tim Sackton: charisma and wisdom are his best
Tim Sackton: back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool. Alright, that's cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I will. Plan. If
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fiscal play to power.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's a strength save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strengths. And yeah, that's it.
Tim Sackton: 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did.
Tim Sackton: So this fist of energy shoots out and hits them. You can also move them up to 20 feet in any direction.
Mike Sackton: Them towards us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know. I pulled him 20 feet towards me. So now I'm within 10 feet and I activate my tattoos.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can fight.
Tim Sackton: You can only do that once a day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And already you use that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Used it last time.
Mike Sackton: We used it. You did use it last session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: darn! That would have been useful.
Tim Sackton: I mean it was quite useful the last time, too.
Kate Sackton: We needed it.
Kate Sackton: this good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was can I? What else can I do then?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see.
Mike Sackton: You don't have any. You don't have 10 foot reach right now. You can't reach them with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can only do 5 foot reach with my blows.
Mike Sackton: And he's if he moves 20 feet closer, is he?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, 10.
Tim Sackton: Eat away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I can. Only my bonus actions are all 5 feet reach.
Tim Sackton: Can you roll your damage for the flist of pillar power? By the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, 60.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I didn't see that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ham. Is there nothing else I can do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do, because I also don't want to step in that. Whatever the.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's
Mike Sackton: Get some.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Move out of the line of fire.
Mike Sackton: Move, 5.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, after that.
Mike Sackton: Side.
Tim Sackton: Step 5 feet to the sides. Here, out of the side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome. Matthew died, and I will in my car.
Mike Sackton: About right.
Tim Sackton: Remember, you can also bonus action dodge, if you want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I'll do that dodge. Thanks, thanks for the reminder.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you hear a
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: you hear the
Tim Sackton: whooshing sound
Tim Sackton: as 3 somethings come flying out of the darkness that you can't see.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, one's gonna be
Tim Sackton: risen.
Tim Sackton: One's gonna be
Tim Sackton: dealt with.
Tim Sackton: dealt with that Tracy.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Mrs. Dealt with
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: 20 on Kenzo Kenzo. What's yours?
Mike Sackton: Does it have? Did you take disadvantage into account.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he had advantage. So it was a straight role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a 19 A/C tim.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Kenzo and risen are hit by these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hit.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: by this flying bolt of what looks like a dark spear.
Tim Sackton: Kenzell, you take
Tim Sackton: 9
Tim Sackton: 9 points of force damage, and you are knocked prone and restrained as the spear
Tim Sackton: pierces
Tim Sackton: through you.
Tim Sackton: Well, like wraps around you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was.
Tim Sackton: Risen, you take 11 points of damage and the same thing.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: suddenly there's a flashing of a sword
Tim Sackton: at risen.
Mike Sackton: 8
Mike Sackton: did it move?
Mike Sackton: Must have moved.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And that's going to be a total of
Tim Sackton: 2 hits on risen
Tim Sackton: for a total of
Tim Sackton: that's a lot of damage.
Tim Sackton: plenty.
Tim Sackton: 54 points of damage.
Kate Sackton: Yikes.
Tim Sackton: And then it's going to turn
Tim Sackton: and look at Dawith.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is still the how many, how many, how many turns this guy up.
Tim Sackton: This is his first turn.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And dealt with. You need to make a
Tim Sackton: wisdom saving throw.
Mike Sackton: They're all again. Advantage, right?
Tim Sackton: You got advantage, but you don't need to. You succeed.
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens to you.
Tim Sackton: and that
Tim Sackton: we'll end its term.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make a it means make a DC. 13 con. Save against 2D. 6 fire damage.
Tim Sackton: Oh! I actually failed that
Tim Sackton: give me the damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a mighty 9.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Liswin's talking.
Kate Sackton: I can cast Sunbeam chrome
Kate Sackton: at whatever. Just hit me with a sword
Kate Sackton: that gives me a sense of a direction right.
Mike Sackton: You gonna hit all of us, though.
Kate Sackton: Is there any.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Kate Sackton: Me, and the the being that just hit me with a sword.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing between you you'd have to kind of angle it off to the side, so you don't hit.
Tim Sackton: So you don't hit dealt with.
Kate Sackton: Towards
Kate Sackton: towards my sword assailant, and away from my ally, who I'm aware of.
Kate Sackton: I think I can handle that.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so it's a
Kate Sackton: constant. It's a
Kate Sackton: constitution safe.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Package right
Mike Sackton: undead at disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, stop. It.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck!
Tim Sackton: That's 11.
Tim Sackton: Also the Brisbane bursts into sunlight, and you shouldn't be able to see now.
Tim Sackton: purchase. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the room right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's the way D and D beyond is doing. Its annoying
Mike Sackton: pillars are completely opaque to light kind of thing, but.
Tim Sackton: Oh, let me see if I can fix that.
Mike Sackton: It's fine. It's just that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Day.
Mike Sackton: Well, yes, but like
Mike Sackton: there's like a cone of pitch blackness behind the pillar like that. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. There you go.
Tim Sackton: Okay, what? I failed to save roll damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Listen. The vampire is currently in melee with.
Mike Sackton: Lisbon and dealt with, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: 23. Radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: But guy.
Mike Sackton: It's where.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's right there. Oh, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had to know.
Tim Sackton: Happy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Looks
Tim Sackton: it looks. The vampire looks startled, as does not currently seem to be
Tim Sackton: hugely wounded, but looks startled as the light vanishes the darkness and kind of
Tim Sackton: shields itself from the
Tim Sackton: from the light sort of flinching he flinches over a little bit, and now you can see the the
Tim Sackton: the spear that's impelling you is just made of this black shadow, and there's
Tim Sackton: what looks like this like twirling sort of
Tim Sackton: line of
Tim Sackton: littered eyes running up the shaft.
Tim Sackton: You can see the vampire himself is wearing
Tim Sackton: like a cloak.
Tim Sackton: and his eyes are just burning bright. He seems completely unaffected by
Tim Sackton: the blindness, he uses something other than his eyes to see
Tim Sackton: that will end Risen's turn.
Tim Sackton: So, seeker, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been like trying to figure out. So
Eric Rosenbaum: you said he's immune to.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it can't be incapacitated.
Tim Sackton: He's immune to charmed, frightened, prone, stunned, and incapacitated.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I shouldn't use run of psychic description, which mainly does incapacitation.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: ruin of irresistible curiosity.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's also.
Tim Sackton: It's charm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so that one can't work either. So I think,
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I can do
Eric Rosenbaum: magical bludgeoning with erupting earth. But that's an area effect, and he is like right in the middle of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I think that brings me to catapults.
Eric Rosenbaum: which does 8 d. 8
Eric Rosenbaum: with a deck save
Eric Rosenbaum: and by the but.
Tim Sackton: Misses. If he makes the save it hits Delaware.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
Eric Rosenbaum: so yeah, I don't have much.
Mike Sackton: You have any buff spells that would help the rest of us? Haste slow, I mean. Could you slow them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, I didn't think of that!
Mike Sackton: Or haste us.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But swelling him would be useful. I mean, you'll probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): System.
Mike Sackton: Help resist it. But so what for? An legendary resistance that was slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, yeah, slow is third, low.
Mike Sackton: Use a sixth level slot to cast slow. You could do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does that work.
Tim Sackton: You can use any slot, a third or above to cast slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see. So I can use.
Tim Sackton: Third.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I can use a Fourth Level. So.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you have a yeah, I'd cast the Fourth Level slow on him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aye.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Wisdom. Save.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Is it.
Tim Sackton: He makes
Tim Sackton: makes the save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, that's all I got.
Mike Sackton: Now he made.
Tim Sackton: And actually.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't even have to legendary resist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Edit.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't. Oh, I can do a can trip probably.
Mike Sackton: No!
Mike Sackton: Oh, you can.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you if, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Bonus, action.
Tim Sackton: Action can't trip, or you could hand out an inspiration to somebody, or you could animate something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forgot that that was that's a bonus action! The animation. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: ladder.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: Is my next.
Tim Sackton: You're next. Yep.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm going to. I'm going to
Mike Sackton: point at him and mark him with Yazali's.
Tim Sackton: The latter is. The latter is big. Where are you? Where is the latter? Gonna it doesn't really fit in the corridor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hi! How high is the court.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter can be behind us.
Eric Rosenbaum: and.
Mike Sackton: I, Tim, I assume there's walls on both sides.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's space to squeeze past like.
Tim Sackton: You can't fully block the quarter. It's a little wider than than your than your entire
Tim Sackton: but you can't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can, so you can squeeze past.
Mike Sackton: But can I stand there so Kenzo can stand here? Or is that to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, no. You can stand there.
Mike Sackton: So first of all, I'll I'll
Mike Sackton: pointed him.
Mike Sackton: and you know. Tell him Yazaly's gonna
Mike Sackton: of
Mike Sackton: mark him with you as always mark at the hunter.
Mike Sackton: Then I will attack him. I'll draw my sword, which is like glow while it's not glowing, but
Mike Sackton: we put that like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Tim Sackton: Then I,
Tim Sackton: yeah, yeah, it sort of fits.
Mike Sackton: Can I assume a 24
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The latter just fits Yup 24 hits.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So I do
Mike Sackton: do
Mike Sackton: normal one, d. 8 plus one d. 8
Mike Sackton: plus. I got that name.
Mike Sackton: So 19 damage. Do you need radiant versus non radian split.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Then I'll tack them again.
Tim Sackton: That it's.
Mike Sackton: 23 damage.
Mike Sackton: and then I will attack him again. I will crit, I will cast a smite on him. Oh, no! I already use my borders. Action. I can't smite him. Damn it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: so that's a crit 48 plus 11.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll fill it.
Mike Sackton: The 27.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And dude.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so how's it going?
Tim Sackton: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Points of damage doesn't bother him.
Tim Sackton: He is a little bothered
Tim Sackton: path.
Tim Sackton: but he's not like, you know.
Tim Sackton: horrifically. But
Tim Sackton: that ends so let's see. Risen and Kenzo were the ones who are restrained. Was that right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: For the spears. Okay.
Tim Sackton: that and dullest turn back to top of the order. Well, be
Tim Sackton: well, all the tax should have had advantage.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: I don't
Tim Sackton: cause of Delwatt cause of Welby.
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on!
Tim Sackton: You wanna just roll 2D. 20 and see if you.
Mike Sackton: Credit. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: No. Marquess. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. I'm gonna take steady aim
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and shoot this dude with the other 2 charges.
Tim Sackton: 19 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fab.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's 38 plus
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 4.
Tim Sackton: Okay
Tim Sackton: as that happens. You can see his. His eyes flare in this. His gaze is that you darkly make a wisdom saving throw.
Mike Sackton: Bobby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With advantage, right.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: it's just damage.
Tim Sackton: You feel its gaze burning into you, and you take 9 points of the product damage.
Mike Sackton: 19 is probably not good enough, apparently not good enough. That's a little scary.
Tim Sackton: Dot and Lobby's turn.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: it is Kenzo's turn. You are restrained
Tim Sackton: and prone and impelled by a spear.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any magical teleportation movement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Wait! Hold on! Hold on, Tim! Was this was the spear of a missile.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what's going on? I had the opportunity to deflect and throw back missiles. I thought it was a I thought it was a sword.
Tim Sackton: You can deflect and throw back swords, too.
Tim Sackton: I'll let you this once, but let's this time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't. I didn't I literally didn't I? I thought instead, I got hit by a sword and realized I was getting it was a missile weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so wait. And but it did 9 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: It did 9 points of damage. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so to reflect an attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yes, I just spent a key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait. So now I roll 2D 10 plus 5.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then then I reflect it.
Tim Sackton: I I need to
Tim Sackton: look at what the ability says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So it's like, if I if there was 9 damage, I roll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2D 10 plus 5.
Tim Sackton: One d. 10 plus 18.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wendy Temple say, oh, so I definitely reflect that I definitely.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, sweet. So none of that happens in the dark. He throws a spear at me. I catch the spear, throw it back at him.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Hold hold on one. Sec
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: it's a spell attack. It's not a
Tim Sackton: it's not a weapon attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? So then I still get it.
Tim Sackton: So I think I think you still get hit. I'm just double checking the the
Tim Sackton: no, I think you can actually your thirteenth level ability. If you can use your deflect attacks, feature against the packs that deal any damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Then I reflected back at him, and then I do 2D. 10 plus 5 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That creature must succeed on a technology saving throw over time.
Tim Sackton: Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, so, so he has to make a next next, save.
Tim Sackton: That's at 21.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking next to save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so that unity takes that image.
Tim Sackton: It takes no damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Well, that's still pretty satisfying. Okay, but now I'm no longer prone, or any of that other shit, so I will now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will now engage him in bailing. I'm gonna go stand over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, stand. Stand there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that.
Mike Sackton: Left space for you. That's the idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, you little dude good guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So first stop attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19.
Tim Sackton: Not hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so I will use. So disrupting is keep charisma, which is really good.
Tim Sackton: He's immune to charm frightened and stunned. So none of your deflates do anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, none of those special effects. Anything that's annoying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, alright. Then I'll just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Vampires, man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Regulars.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our first appetite is 13 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second staff attack. Oh, 180, no.
Tim Sackton: 18, just hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, second staff attack does 9 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I will do 3 on our strikes.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18 hits!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's another 15 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, 16! Probably this is right.
Tim Sackton: Message, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. I can I get
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't use bardic inspiration on one. It's not worth it, save it for saves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then last, an arm strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 6 damage.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you built a spam attack. You lose one attack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's not. But.
Tim Sackton: So he looks. He looks pissed at this as Kenzo
Tim Sackton: runs to attack him, and he
Tim Sackton: pop
Tim Sackton: reaches down for a moment and then for a minute he just
Tim Sackton: vanishes in a flash of light and turns into a huge flaming bat.
Tim Sackton: and he flies like this past. Well, be! And then
Tim Sackton: past
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Dellwith.
Tim Sackton: through the ladder.
Mike Sackton: I mean, pass, yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Hitting everybody, and then letting we stop.
Mike Sackton: Opportunity attacks on him.
Tim Sackton: Here.
Tim Sackton: Nope, he is just fire, and he burns you as he moves. Everybody has to make it dexterity, savings or no.
Kate Sackton: From my children. State.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everybody, everybody.
Mike Sackton: Wellbee was wellbe, was pretty far back, not including wellbeing.
Tim Sackton: Including lobby.
Mike Sackton: Aye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 16.
Mike Sackton: 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 22.
Kate Sackton: Team.
Mike Sackton: Seek was 22.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: Who? Anybody who rolled above a
Tim Sackton: who rolled above a 20!
Tim Sackton: I don't.
Mike Sackton: When you're a bomb.
Tim Sackton: But 20 or above, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But be dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Everybody has a way to do.
Tim Sackton: Why did you all for Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Team.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but 16.
Mike Sackton: Everybody but Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Alright guys.
Kate Sackton: And me.
Tim Sackton: And.
Mike Sackton: And risen.
Tim Sackton: 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Version.
Tim Sackton: 8
Tim Sackton: risman takes 27 points of fire damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that.
Kate Sackton: Okay. I'm dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pressure.
Mike Sackton: No, you're not dead, but that's bad cause that means we lose our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inspiration. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I give? Risen the inspiration on that? Say, I haven't done one this round
Eric Rosenbaum: it?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's risk.
Mike Sackton: Did you have a chance to make?
Mike Sackton: Do you have a chance of make it? Where'd you roll.
Kate Sackton: World's 1515.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this in.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it could help.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And chance.
Mike Sackton: 50 50 shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so you roll another d 10, basically, right?
Mike Sackton: 5 or higher, 60, 40.
Kate Sackton: So I roll as you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Yep.
Kate Sackton: Did that happen.
Tim Sackton: I didn't see anything.
Kate Sackton: There it is.
Kate Sackton: 6, right? Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You make the same.
Tim Sackton: Dave.
Tim Sackton: so you and Ken so only take.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. It's a close one.
Tim Sackton: Only take half of 27. So 13 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: You still need to make a concentration check on your sunbeam.
Tim Sackton: Had. Is that a kind.
Kate Sackton: Save.
Tim Sackton: Are, con save yes.
Tim Sackton: which you make
Tim Sackton: And now
Tim Sackton: it is the vampire's turn.
Mike Sackton: Wait till the rest of us take damage.
Tim Sackton: The rest of you take, Captain.
Tim Sackton: Yes, the rest of you take half different. So 13.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I take no damage on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait on success for the Save.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You take half damage. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 13, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I take Tim?
Tim Sackton: 13.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Well.
Tim Sackton: Probably takes 13.
Mike Sackton: No, no.
Tim Sackton: Takes 13.
Mike Sackton: Didn't, Kenzie? That was it.
Tim Sackton: He has a vision half damage on the success.
Mike Sackton: Well, we take off.
Tim Sackton: Take 0.
Mike Sackton: Kansas takes everybody, takes 13 except well, be takes nothing right.
Tim Sackton: And risen, gets 6 temporary hit points.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why was that?
Mike Sackton: Does.
Tim Sackton: From the inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Oh!
Tim Sackton: When you use them for saves, you get temporary points.
Mike Sackton: That was annoying.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The first thing the vampire is going to do is
Tim Sackton: look at, deal with again.
Tim Sackton: Now there, save
Tim Sackton: with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Likes to eat. Dallas.
Mike Sackton: Don't need it.
Tim Sackton: Don't need the advantage.
Mike Sackton: It's good for him to target me with saves, because I also have a backup roll of 2D. 4, and add it to my save. If I fail.
Tim Sackton: Then 2 more
Tim Sackton: fears
Tim Sackton: come flying at
Tim Sackton: dealt with, and Welby
Tim Sackton: oof.
Tim Sackton: wow! That's rough.
Tim Sackton: Nope, both mess!
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: I can work with that.
Kate Sackton: Sure, great.
Tim Sackton: And then he's gonna move another one to
Tim Sackton: move back here and just hold his sword at the ready.
Mike Sackton: We can't see him anymore, which is kind of annoying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Days he was too far.
Mike Sackton: But that's correct, because risen is, that's where Riswin is.
Tim Sackton: So he's stepping just out of the light.
Tim Sackton: and that will end his turn. Rizvan is off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So sorry he needs to make 2 different. DC. 13
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): con. Saves for the 2 different.
Tim Sackton: And exceeds. On one
Tim Sackton: fails, the other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 8 points, fire damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Is anyone else's.
Kate Sackton: Precariously rooted as I am
Kate Sackton: now.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I I will heal you on my next turn. If I.
Kate Sackton: Okay. I was.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I get there.
Kate Sackton: If
Kate Sackton: I can't move, so I need to. I was going to try
Kate Sackton: dispelling magic to see if that helps with this magical spear that's in me.
Kate Sackton: or or curing my wounds. I'm not really sure
Kate Sackton: how to take care of myself.
Mike Sackton: You could try to spell in the darkness.
Mike Sackton: or can you? Sunday, even though he's too far away to Sunday?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I need to be able to move if he's moved out of my range.
Tim Sackton: you can. If you're so you're you can always try and just pull the spear out
Tim Sackton: would be an action or a bonus. Action.
Tim Sackton: Strength.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're strong.
Kate Sackton: All right, I'll start with the bonus action
Kate Sackton: of trying to. But I just think, Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Physical spear.
Tim Sackton: Make a athletic check.
Kate Sackton: 24.
Tim Sackton: Pull it out!
Kate Sackton: And okay.
Kate Sackton: creepy spear gets out of me.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: So then
Kate Sackton: I don't have movement because I use my bonus action.
Mike Sackton: No, you can still.
Tim Sackton: You still have movement your problems. Okay?
Mike Sackton: Actually move to stand up.
Mike Sackton: Sofia.
Tim Sackton: 15 feet of movement. After that.
Mike Sackton: So you can move 15 feet and see if you can see them.
Kate Sackton: All right. That's worth doing.
Kate Sackton: I don't wanna. Well, I guess Seeker can move closer to me.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm not going to go that far.
Mike Sackton: They'll still be in range for doing word. Our senior can move to you for pure wounds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so I moved to like
Kate Sackton: where the latter is.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: You have to actually move your token, which will move the light.
Kate Sackton: I keep grabbing this
Kate Sackton: hand thing instead of the
Kate Sackton: oh, there we go!
Kate Sackton: There we go. Okay. Can I share space with the latter.
Kate Sackton: or is it too obstruction.
Kate Sackton: Like can't
Kate Sackton: do. I have to move past it.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't have enough. You don't actually even really have enough movement to move.
Tim Sackton: because it takes you 10 feet of movement to move past Dell within.
Kate Sackton: Oh, so moving past them also.
Tim Sackton: They're blocking. So you can't. You can't even move past the 2 of them because you were prone. You can only basically take one step forward.
Mike Sackton: To move back, but that's just enough to get them in in.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So there I am, right right behind them, with sort of a view in between them. And I'm gonna hit the ladder.
Kate Sackton: The darn thing is big.
Kate Sackton: but I'm going to cast.
Mike Sackton: Are we just like beating the ladder.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're gonna you can't really sunbeam.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with, and
Tim Sackton: Cat is out.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I mean, really, I can't just put my hand in front of them.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's 5 feet wide, right? So it's gonna take up an entire square.
Kate Sackton: Starting at my hand.
Kate Sackton: put my arm in between them.
Tim Sackton: Sorry.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: Can do. There's plenty of other stuff. I mean, you don't have to sun beam just because it's active. You can just keep it for the light right.
Kate Sackton: I am aware of that. I just like.
Mike Sackton: Have you used the seventh spell yet.
Kate Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Ergwin.
Kate Sackton: Well, I could
Kate Sackton: put a spiritual wrap's weapon into.
Tim Sackton: Probably I just
Tim Sackton: DM advice. You might want to save your Seventh Level slot in case you have to drop a heel.
Mike Sackton: That's true. 80 points actually.
Tim Sackton: Yelling.
Kate Sackton: I was kind of saving that.
Tim Sackton: One person to fall.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, or mask your wounds, which would be
Tim Sackton: 5 d. 8 plus 5 to everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I'm that's what I was sort of thinking of those things for.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: And all of this greenish stuff is some sort of liquid.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Brave enough to step into it. Yeah, the vampire is hovering just above.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I can. Fifth level spiritual weapon. That's probably
Kate Sackton: better than yeah, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes, virtual, there's no, there's no point in casting spiritual open at Fifth Level. It does exactly the same at Fifth as that Fourth
Tim Sackton: but Fourth Level spiritual weapon is pretty good.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I will cast a Fourth Level Spiritual, but.
Tim Sackton: It's both 2D. 8 plus 5
Tim Sackton: 22 hits. So 19 points of force damage, I'll put up a token in a sec.
Mike Sackton: You can still have something else, too.
Mike Sackton: I can't drive.
Kate Sackton: No, I can't.
Tim Sackton: No Cause, action, Right action, User.
Kate Sackton: My action. You're at.
Mike Sackton: Out loud. You need to actually pull the thing up.
Kate Sackton: Remember how I had to wrestle myself.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Round.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo is gonna be next right.
Mike Sackton: No, Kenza already went.
Tim Sackton: Nope speakers and Delaware.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: does anybody want to walk in? The? Is anybody gonna bother trying to like get close to him? Or are we just gonna force him to come to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I might I might fly over.
Mike Sackton: Well because I could. Sickening radiance the area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he might just.
Tim Sackton: Secrets turn secrets. Turn now, then, della.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna do a healing word on.
Mike Sackton: If you have Q. And Q is way better than healing word.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do not.
Mike Sackton: But yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So fifth level would be 5 d. 4 plus 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would clear me out of Fifth Level spells. That seems worth doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess. Okay, no cast healing word.
Mike Sackton: Baked it.
Mike Sackton: This guy's not a need to psychic advantage, is he?
Mike Sackton: Nope?
Tim Sackton: Only immune to necrotic and resistant, to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from wind, dating attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's
Eric Rosenbaum: 14
Eric Rosenbaum: to risen.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: the latter has a move of 30,
Eric Rosenbaum: so it will bravely advance.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's Flying
Tim Sackton: Seattle.
Mike Sackton: Do we.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: Might.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it
Eric Rosenbaum: in range to attack from there
Eric Rosenbaum: again? It's not.
Tim Sackton: It gets there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That was sex.
Tim Sackton: and that's my.
Eric Rosenbaum: Commanding. That is my bonus action, right?
Tim Sackton: Right? I mean, technically, you're healing.
Mike Sackton: Care.
Tim Sackton: Bonus action.
Tim Sackton: But it's okay. You can swap around your actual.
Mike Sackton: But you can't dare.
Tim Sackton: 2 bonus actions and an action.
Mike Sackton: Do you care if I kill the ladder with sick ingredients?
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter's role actually is to heroically die in combat. So I think that would be it.
Mike Sackton: Because I just.
Mike Sackton: Chris, I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: So action, please.
Mike Sackton: I don't see any.
Mike Sackton: I'm not gonna run into this liquid.
Mike Sackton: I just don't see anything that but saving radiance would hopefully force him to move towards us
Mike Sackton: would be the idea.
Mike Sackton: So because I was gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he muted? Poison, damage.
Mike Sackton: It's radiant damage. Sickening radiance is not poison, it's not, it's like a it's a sickly green glow, but it also makes him glow. If he fails to save. So, even if the darkness comes back.
Mike Sackton: he would still be quote.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's cool. Do that.
Mike Sackton: Alright, I'm gonna cast second radiance.
Mike Sackton: Let me get a
Mike Sackton: I can cast it in a space in the darkness right.
Tim Sackton: Does it say a space? You can see.
Mike Sackton: Ask a question.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: steers hadn't appointed issues within range. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can cast them wherever you want. Then.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you need line of a fact, but I don't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Assuming that there's no nothing between me and yeah. So I've got to get one square behind him right now move it one forward. I want it to cover perfect. I wanted to
Mike Sackton: or wait. I don't.
Mike Sackton: I was trying to.
Mike Sackton: I can't see cause the sickening radiance is make. Is that the line. I don't want it covering the non
Mike Sackton: goofed. The knot.
Tim Sackton: Just at the edge of.
Mike Sackton: That's what I want. Yes.
Tim Sackton: A guy.
Tim Sackton: Opening Radiance Appears.
Mike Sackton: And then
Mike Sackton: that also creates a dim greenish light.
Mike Sackton: Presumably that's white.
Mike Sackton: It's dim light, but.
Tim Sackton: You go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Now, hey? Is that a coffin.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: How useful. Okay, and then I don't have anything else super useful to do, cause I can't cast another spell, cause I don't have any bonus action uses.
Tim Sackton: That brings up wealthy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's time to shoot him again, so I will take steady aim and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Tim Sackton: 19 hats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 37.
Tim Sackton: Your arrow flies into him.
Tim Sackton: He is now
Tim Sackton: down to
Tim Sackton: a third of his health, roughly, a little less than a third of his health.
Tim Sackton: low, bloodied.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that you feel more nervous.
Tim Sackton: You've done a third of his healthy rounds so far.
Tim Sackton: Just keep going.
Tim Sackton: But he's
Tim Sackton: no, that's not quite true.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a lot of help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Taking 2 thirds of his help.
Mike Sackton: We've removed.
Tim Sackton: 2 thirds of a thousand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And guy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Kenza's up right?
Tim Sackton: Yep!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, okay, so second rate, sickening radians, how does this work.
Mike Sackton: Well, you don't want to go with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I don't have good range attacks.
Mike Sackton: I know, but the whole point is that if he doesn't, ready ready in action to attack him if he comes within range.
Mike Sackton: he doesn't have good range attacks, either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I can do an a I can do acid arrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's good. Is he interviewing? Connect what he what he
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: take? Can you take that.
Tim Sackton: Acid. Yep, don't take acid damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He'll take acid damage. Alright! Cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many feet away am I?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I draw that.
Tim Sackton: Are 50 feet from him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright cool. Yeah. I mean, acid arrow is a 90 foot range. So I could do that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, sure.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the only thing is you might.
Mike Sackton: He's probably gonna come after us, although maybe he just can throw spears, but I guess if he throws the spear you can just throw it back at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can. Yeah, which I which actually really prefer I would love into prosper. I mean, that'd be like, really good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and.
Tim Sackton: He's learned his lesson.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll probably just throw a delta instead. That's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, Tim, I will ask Adiro, who.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make your attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21.
Tim Sackton: Bonnets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 12 acid damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay? He's also gonna stare at you.
Tim Sackton: Make a wisdom saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13.
Tim Sackton: You take 11
Tim Sackton: 13 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: as his piercing glare
Tim Sackton: turns into you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I do an acid arrow again for a second attack?
Tim Sackton: Nope, it's a spout. It's only 1 one thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright? And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I bot a section and prepare an attack, or to do a dodge or something.
Mike Sackton: It died.
Tim Sackton: You can. You can dodge. Yeah, you can bonus action dodge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I'll bonus action. I'll bonus action. Dodge.
Tim Sackton: And okay,
Tim Sackton: let me check one thing.
Mike Sackton: His turn. He has to make this, save at the start of his term.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Wait! I don't know. I know. Where did the
Tim Sackton: why don't I have a stupid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Elena.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, con safe.
Tim Sackton: That's a 20.
Mike Sackton: Who's making a con site for what?
Tim Sackton: The vampire is making a constant for a second ingredients.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: 20 makes it.
Mike Sackton: That's a 19 DC.
Tim Sackton: He is going to move one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Concept for fire also.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right. That's a
Tim Sackton: 16.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's it.
Tim Sackton: Guy
Tim Sackton: her.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: he's gonna move here.
Tim Sackton: and he's going to send a spear at Dalith.
Tim Sackton: Natural one
Tim Sackton: second spear at deal with. Oh, man, you cannot hit, dealt with
Tim Sackton: third spear at risen.
Mike Sackton: Poof.
Tim Sackton: Waiting for me.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that misses, doesn't you know? A/C. 24.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, my easiest, at least for his head.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you all
Tim Sackton: he will look at
Tim Sackton: dealt with again.
Mike Sackton: You could do it.
Mike Sackton: Alright. I'm gonna fail one of these days.
Mike Sackton: A bad advantage.
Mike Sackton: Nope, wait, there's 20 to 30 is good enough right.
Tim Sackton: 22 succeeds.
Mike Sackton: Is he?
Mike Sackton: I I can't quite see the, I guess. Do we have to move forward to see past the edge of the.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can't quit. You
Tim Sackton: probably can't quite see him
Tim Sackton: at the moment.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's he's he has not moved out of the second ingredient. So
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: he is going to
Mike Sackton: Wait is riz went next.
Kate Sackton: It's my belief.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Briswyn is next. Yes, and he is going to wait.
Mike Sackton: He's ready in action to attack whoever becomes the image. That's okay.
Mike Sackton: Don't go within Manila region.
Mike Sackton: Deal with the yell at. Don't go within, Miller.
Tim Sackton: Brings up, risen.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: Chris, when has no intention of going within the language of him?
Kate Sackton: But I do. I can squeeze past my friends in a friendly way.
Mike Sackton: Move past. It just takes 2. It takes you 10 move instead of 5 to pass us.
Tim Sackton: So that's 10,
Tim Sackton: 15.
Kate Sackton: Right there.
Mike Sackton: I don't believe if you can.
Mike Sackton: in any way we've the.
Mike Sackton: although actually, I think that's.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I'm trying to stay on the side like where you are. There.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: It wasn't letting me click to that
Kate Sackton: right spot.
Tim Sackton: It's possibly slightly misaligned with the grid, though sorry about that.
Kate Sackton: Whatever you get the idea I'm sort of on that side of the space ish
Kate Sackton: all right.
Kate Sackton: it does. So it doesn't matter what order I do things in, I can do the spiritual weapon. And my
Kate Sackton: yeah, casting.
Tim Sackton: Spiritual weapon can only move 20 feet.
Tim Sackton: I know, but.
Kate Sackton: Like right.
Tim Sackton: It can get.
Kate Sackton: There.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, setup.
Kate Sackton: move it there.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So why don't we just do that first, since we just moved it, and then I'll do the other thing.
Tim Sackton: Guys.
Kate Sackton: So do I roll the spiritual weapons, attack, or just the damage.
Tim Sackton: Attack. You have to see if you hit first.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Kate Sackton: Name.
Tim Sackton: Just click on the red thing in
Tim Sackton: roll 20. It'll roll damage for you.
Tim Sackton: Hibernation.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: And now I'll do my
Kate Sackton: beam
Kate Sackton: beam. Bean Bemi, Bean.
Tim Sackton: That's a 2020.
Tim Sackton: It was saved.
Kate Sackton: Says Connie.
Tim Sackton: And he takes half
Tim Sackton: half damage.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: half of 34, 17.
Tim Sackton: But okay.
Tim Sackton: So risen sunbeam flashes out, the vampire dodges, but it still clips him, and that ends risen. So turn
Tim Sackton: before seeker goes.
Tim Sackton: A fog
Tim Sackton: fills
Tim Sackton: a 60 foot.
Tim Sackton: that area around you
Tim Sackton: heavily, obscuring everything with a dark gray mist.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: Scientist.
Kate Sackton: So magic isn't like a reaction thing. I have to wait till my turn.
Mike Sackton: Casting a spell.
Tim Sackton: He's not casting a spell.
Mike Sackton: Tell me if he looks like he's casting a spot because I might counter. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Hi well.
Kate Sackton: It's a non-magical, great.
Mike Sackton: He's just.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Lots of monsters have abilities that are not cows, particularly right.
Mike Sackton: He's a vampire. He can do all kinds of things that are. And then suddenly.
Tim Sackton: Made splash in the mist.
Tim Sackton: One strike against
Tim Sackton: Speaker.
Tim Sackton: That's a 21. I assume, that hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, you take 27 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Old.
Tim Sackton: One strike against dealt with.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: 29.
Mike Sackton: 29 that will hit, and it's not even worth testing. Shield.
Tim Sackton: So I'm
Tim Sackton: gonna roll this here
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: dawn with you. Take 22 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: It's half damage for the con, save right.
Tim Sackton: Joseph.
Mike Sackton: That's half of him.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Half the damage. Yep.
Tim Sackton: One blade flashes at
Tim Sackton: Kenzel.
Tim Sackton: That's a 20.
Mike Sackton: Is it an attack? Yes, dodging.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's right!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man.
Tim Sackton: Just reroll with straight
Tim Sackton: same role. Dodging doesn't help you.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: that is.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: That is 23 points of damage to Kenzel.
Tim Sackton: And the last blade strikes at risen.
Tim Sackton: That is 20
Tim Sackton: 27.
Kate Sackton: Roof.
Mike Sackton: Damage at the head.
Tim Sackton: That is, 25 damage against risen.
Mike Sackton: Are you back, down.
Kate Sackton: I am not.
Kate Sackton: I have
Kate Sackton: 7 hit points.
Kate Sackton: Thank you very much for seekers. Timely.
Tim Sackton: Fab.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: And to.
Tim Sackton: Saving throw for
Tim Sackton: for Richmond, as well.
Kate Sackton: Keep!
Mike Sackton: Spell out!
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Daylight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Tim? I reflect attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that.
Tim Sackton: Succeeds.
Tim Sackton: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I roll 2D. 10 plus 5 right?
Tim Sackton: No, you first have to roll.
Tim Sackton: Whatever the
Tim Sackton: one d. 10 plus 18, so roll a one d. 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I think you took 23 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: 23, so you reduce it to 0. But you don't reflect anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Still, good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow. I'm really hard to like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I would piled all that charm resistance onto you.
Tim Sackton: That ends the vampire's turn seeker. You're up.
Mike Sackton: Out
Mike Sackton: to spell magic on the fog would not be a crazy action.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fog is the thing making the swords happen.
Mike Sackton: We think so.
Kate Sackton: But didn't Tim already say it.
Tim Sackton: Vampire attacks.
Tim Sackton: No, it is magical.
Tim Sackton: It's just not a spell. So you just calendar spell.
Mike Sackton: Swords was the vampire flying.
Tim Sackton: As far as the vampire, teleporting to the flying through the fog.
Mike Sackton: So if you could dispel the fog so we could find the vampire. That would not be a crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's kind of like that, or keep rising, standing.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I could just spend my next app.
Mike Sackton: Brisbane. Could. Brisbane? Yeah, Brisbane could do it herself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. I'll I'll try this billing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, she does. I'll try to spell magic on the fog.
Tim Sackton: What level are you casting it at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really good one.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess it's yeah.
Mike Sackton: Have.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have a sixth level to spell.
Mike Sackton: I do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Blood.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because he's probably a high level caster.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, 6 level distill magic.
Tim Sackton: The fog clears as the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we can.
Tim Sackton: As arcane and chat meets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Wait? Is the vampire anywhere to be seen.
Tim Sackton: I think Ken he's he's he's just standing right around the corner. I think Kenzo can probably see him.
Mike Sackton: But there.
Tim Sackton: He's basically sort of hidden from the line of sight of everybody who is on the side here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so I can't see him, but the latter can
Eric Rosenbaum: or can the like.
Tim Sackton: Matter? Can I see? Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I instruct the latter, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dive, bomb.
Tim Sackton: Go over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Force attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? So that's my spell attack.
Tim Sackton: The latter has to roll a con save.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: For a second in the audience.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I do that.
Mike Sackton: Can you just make sure the latter we've space so that dealt with can get in and hit him? Please.
Tim Sackton: No matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's go.
Tim Sackton: Like there.
Tim Sackton: so that Dalwiff and Kenzo can both fill the corners.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! There's the left.
Tim Sackton: Okay? 13 misses.
Tim Sackton: 15 misses and con save fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what happens?
Tim Sackton: So it takes a bunch of damage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Hold on overall damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's the radiant.
Mike Sackton: It's not that much damage. It's 40, 10.
Tim Sackton: But okay.
Mike Sackton: But I rolled maximum freaking damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: 43 from.
Tim Sackton: Sorry Latter.
Mike Sackton: 30 s.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the latter has a ton of hit points.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the latter is pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Latter has, like.
Mike Sackton: And it takes one level of exhaustion.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: That's the second.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tired now.
Tim Sackton: Glad it's time.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Now it's it's glowing with a fake, dim white.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Slumps, down.
Mike Sackton: And to.
Kate Sackton: And here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Creaking.
Mike Sackton: I mean is, can I actually not see, or I mean, the lines of
Mike Sackton: the lines of darkness are very dark.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's out. It's out of
Tim Sackton: He's out of rising's light.
Mike Sackton: But there's no like the way white works in the real world. There's not these like
Mike Sackton: you say it was like a hard line. It's like pitch black. Vm.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure it's dim light
Tim Sackton: in the real world.
Mike Sackton: Just can't see what's on you.
Tim Sackton: Is right here.
Mike Sackton: Like right next to me. So I just walked into.
Tim Sackton: Right next to you, yeah.
Kate Sackton: This box.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. It's hard to make it like actually appropriate.
Mike Sackton: No, no, just Brisbane move. Well, it's fine.
Mike Sackton: I will just attack. Of that. I have not used a bonus action yet, so I have one available. I just walked up to him. I'll hit him with my sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Flapper.
Mike Sackton: Will miss. I assume 12 misses everyone to one.
Tim Sackton: One misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Automatically.
Mike Sackton: 27. I assume that. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Environment.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pitches those in a little.
Mike Sackton: 25 damage.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: bad.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna smite. But does that? I think Nike also hits.
Tim Sackton: 19 hits, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I'm gonna smite with this.
Mike Sackton: I am going to use a
Mike Sackton: blinding. Well, it doesn't. Actually.
Mike Sackton: I don't really want him to go to a harmless demo.
Mike Sackton: but I guess it wouldn't actually hurt.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna I'm gonna let the second new radius go. This does the most damage.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: So I'm banishing smiting him. I mean, he'll make the same. But I don't care. It's the Astro damage is what I'm care for.
Mike Sackton: That's the.
Tim Sackton: Safe.
Mike Sackton: It's a DC. 19. Charisma safe. And
Mike Sackton: thank you.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Con. Safe. DC. 19 con. Save.
Tim Sackton: O,
Tim Sackton: he fails a concept.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, sorry, no, no, no! Sorry I read the wrong spike. It's a Christmas Eve.
Mike Sackton: The blind.
Tim Sackton: It makes the Christmas Eve.
Mike Sackton: But I don't actually want him to do this. So I roll
Mike Sackton: 5 d. 10 plus 2D. 8.
Tim Sackton: Well, but you're up next.
Mike Sackton: 43 damage
Mike Sackton: does 67, damage, not take them down.
Tim Sackton: His
Tim Sackton: pretty badly wounded at this point, and is clearly trying to like stay
Tim Sackton: hidden in the corner. But he is not dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright! I am moving.
Tim Sackton: He will use his reaction. Make a wisdom saving throw that way.
Mike Sackton: 20 t.
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens, no damage.
Mike Sackton: The second radius is value thinking.
Tim Sackton: And while the euro.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am moving and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shooting without advantage, but with sneak tech.
Mike Sackton: Okay, Della, isn't that.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Mike Sackton: It's just credit. Wait.
Tim Sackton: I got 18 off.
Mike Sackton: 19,
Mike Sackton: but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's another 37.
Tim Sackton: He staggers back against the wall.
Tim Sackton: clearly on his last legs.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, will you do the honors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ideally, the latter would. But it's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I will get into mailay with him. Somebody's like over here someplace.
Mike Sackton: Right next to Dallas. You just need to stand.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, I'm about all the all tacking for all my things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Staff attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I could. That's nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that mean?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much data.
Mike Sackton: You're all damaged twice.
Tim Sackton: Roll your roll the damage! Dice twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 2D 6, plus 2D. 10 plus 6.
Tim Sackton: 2D. 10 plus 6.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13. Do I do that again? Or is that already built in? That's already built in.
Tim Sackton: He staggers back against the wall, leaning on one foot, holding his sword off as he tries to parry the stock flow in cans.
Tim Sackton: making a second attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19 magnits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am. In
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 7 of Ish.
Mike Sackton: That's probably enough to kill them.
Tim Sackton: Steps back again.
Tim Sackton: as you're pummeling it with a staff
Tim Sackton: like he's leaving, unable to carry anything. That is this blood red sword. Away with your with your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 punch 26,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I do. Oh, this was this would kill him! 14 damage.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, that kills them.
Tim Sackton: Follow up with your fist as you knock his sword away with too quick
Tim Sackton: staff blows, and you you punch him, and suddenly, pee!
Tim Sackton: There's a black cloud.
Tim Sackton: Who is within?
Tim Sackton: Repeat.
Tim Sackton: Everybody within 15 feet make a
Tim Sackton: constitution saving throw.
Tim Sackton: So that's everybody but seeker.
Mike Sackton: 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nope. 14.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Heck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 10 oops.
Tim Sackton: Kate.
Tim Sackton: Oh, Kate's the raymond's the only one he succeeds.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, hold on! Hold on! Hold on! 15 fails.
Tim Sackton: 15 fails. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Latter rolled a 4.
Mike Sackton: Does seventeenth, or does 18 fail?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: All the Dcs are 20.
Tim Sackton: everybody but risen
Tim Sackton: takes 13 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: and is confused until the beginning of your next round next turn.
Tim Sackton: So, after all, A. D. 10,
Tim Sackton: and if you roll
Tim Sackton: I gotta look up the table.
Tim Sackton: and and he, this black mess now runs
Tim Sackton: leaves to the coffin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good fleet of Chopin.
Tim Sackton: if you roll a one through 6, it's fine.
Tim Sackton: If you roll a 7 or 8,
Tim Sackton: you make a melee attack against a random creature within your reach. If you roll a 9 or 10, you can do whatever you want normally.
Tim Sackton: which all which in this case probably doesn't really matter except some of you might accidentally kill somebody next to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. I get confused, too.
Tim Sackton: Everybody but risen and seeker just just for 6 s.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But a resident can run in and sunbeam him.
Tim Sackton: although you have to figure out what to do about the water.
Mike Sackton: What's the bad? Rolls.
Tim Sackton: That one!
Mike Sackton: But it's not my turn yet.
Tim Sackton: It's not your turn yet. So so Risman presumably gets out of your reach. So make an attack against against Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Born.
Mike Sackton: Do I have to make all 3 of my fax, or just one.
Tim Sackton: No, no, just a single male attack.
Mike Sackton: 14.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This.
Tim Sackton: That misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dodged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucked all that.
Tim Sackton: Kenza, you kenza, roll a d. 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what am I doing?
Mike Sackton: You might, in fact, deal with.
Tim Sackton: Tell me what you're all.
Mike Sackton: 7 or 8.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I want to attack the other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I? Can I intentionally attack Dulwis.
Tim Sackton: A 9. A 9 is nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I? Can I can I do that? Visa.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you really want to. But that's probably not.
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's a moment to have plausible deniability.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Tim Sackton: Martha, why do you roll for? Well be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 9.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so nothing.
Mike Sackton: The coffin above the water.
Tim Sackton: The coffin is sat. So
Tim Sackton: okay, so the confusion is over.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the latter got confused, too, just like.
Tim Sackton: The latter got confused, too.
Mike Sackton: All a detail, a detail.
Tim Sackton: For the matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Down, with with with.
Tim Sackton: Nope, ladder. Connect normally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. What the hell, man? Why can't delicate a little.
Tim Sackton: Got it so the
Tim Sackton: the the arrangement! I'll move Risman a little quick. I mean you should be able to see.
Mike Sackton: Day.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, where the red side.
Tim Sackton: yeah, the coffin is in is sat within this water.
Tim Sackton: So there's like, Can you.
Mike Sackton: Stands on top of it. It's not covered by.
Tim Sackton: It's not covered by what.
Mike Sackton: Down.
Mike Sackton: dealt with, will turn into a kind of bugs
Mike Sackton: and fly to the coffin.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: how can I.
Mike Sackton: But actually, before I do that before I do that.
Mike Sackton: how heavy is the link, and I may chant it open.
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: 10 feet of solid stone definitely cannot maintain it.
Mike Sackton: Can we even
Mike Sackton: wait? Wait! Can the ladder open it?
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter's.
Tim Sackton: Ladder's buff. Yeah, the ladder can.
Mike Sackton: Ladder! Open the coffin, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: Latter has a strength of 18.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The latter. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Then I will. Once the latter lifts the lid, dells will turn into a cloud of bugs, cloud of insects like multiple.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
Mike Sackton: Things, and just fly to the out open coffin and stab the mist with my sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quit right.
Tim Sackton: Your sword does radio damage.
Mike Sackton: Radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And in the.
Tim Sackton: So daweth.
Tim Sackton: flies over to the now open coffin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? You're muted. By the way, if you've been singing stuff.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: stands for a moment
Tim Sackton: and takes his sword, which is flaring with radiant light, and slashes through this black mist.
Tim Sackton: And you hear this loud crack.
Tim Sackton: and the mist
Tim Sackton: falls away.
Tim Sackton: forming into a dead body of a human at your feet.
Kate Sackton: We're looking for a symbol.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just gonna say, there's some.
Tim Sackton: Inside the coffin
Tim Sackton: you see
Tim Sackton: 4 things.
Tim Sackton: a key made of bone.
Mike Sackton: Don't ask me.
Tim Sackton: Dependent.
Mike Sackton: Each of these things I'll pick up and put.
Tim Sackton: A pendant, a very elaborate design, but recognizably the same as the the watchers, symbols that you've seen watchers wear set with diamonds.
Tim Sackton: a dagger.
Tim Sackton: also elaborate with with an eye set into the hilt, the design of an eye in in silver, with gems.
Tim Sackton: and 3 small 3 blood-red Rudy.
Tim Sackton: that look.
Tim Sackton: They're sort of like cats, I ruby. So there's like an interior design. They look vaguely like eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, well, you should keep that dagger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that that seems like a safe thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Mike Sackton: Is there any I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And put them in your like.
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll just lift each thing out with May chance and like drop it.
Mike Sackton: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they magical?
Mike Sackton: In front of Risman, basically.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I cast a whole bunch of identify.
Tim Sackton: The dagger is magical.
Tim Sackton: It is. It is a watcher's dagger.
Tim Sackton: If you are attuned to it, you have
Tim Sackton: blindsight out to a range of
Tim Sackton: 30 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blindside. What is that?
Mike Sackton: You can.
Mike Sackton: You can see in anything you can see without using your eyes. So
Mike Sackton: gotta like, yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's a heavy fog that obscures you, or darkness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can still see, that's okay. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ability.
Kate Sackton: Just saying I touched the dagger because it looked like a watcher thing.
Kate Sackton: because you have to touch something to identify. I'm a little nervous about the little red rubies like, does anybody have any advice about not accidentally touching scary magic objects?
Kate Sackton: Alright, and.
Tim Sackton: Video, detect, magic. App. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I will do the technical.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: Once in a few minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can't Eric put on the or can't see group put on.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Isn't it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, shouldn't we use? I think we should use the goggles for the other
Kate Sackton: things is what I'm saying.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I know there's only one cast of identified per day.
Kate Sackton: But and he.
Tim Sackton: Here.
Kate Sackton: Touch it?
Kate Sackton: Or does it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, he doesn't have that. No, I you know you have to touch it. You always have to touch something to cast, identify.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Em.
Eric Rosenbaum: At another.
Tim Sackton: You also
Tim Sackton: here?
Tim Sackton: Another louder crack in the distance.
Mike Sackton: This place is gonna collapse. But that's do we care? We just rainbow Bridge right?
Kate Sackton: Unless why don't we go rescue our poison troll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, get the poison troll.
Mike Sackton: So is the way. Hold on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, we're we're making an adventure for a party a hundred years from now.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything else
Mike Sackton: in the coffin.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing else in the conference.
Mike Sackton: His dead body vanishes, or he has.
Tim Sackton: No, no, his dead body is there. It's he's now almost completely naked, like
Tim Sackton: turned into somebody who looks
Tim Sackton: like a hundred years old.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait!
Tim Sackton: Elderly man.
Tim Sackton: All the vite, the vampire vitality, drained out of his body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't listen!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go ahead. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't we also need to pillage this place like there's like a fucking shit load of. There's like all the treasure and stuff like diamonds and diamond thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have we seen anything related to that? That key would conceivably go to.
Tim Sackton: I mean you. You seeker slipped under several locked doors as a gaseous cloud.
Mike Sackton: There was like a huge tension, but some.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it? It's made of bone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a skeleton key.
Kate Sackton: But this whole place is somehow linked to like a fiend.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: balance the whole pillaging thing with the whole having to fight a demon thing
Kate Sackton: list, guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pillage we pillage back on back in the real world right.
Mike Sackton: So I think we get out of here relatively quickly, is the idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but let's let's go get our troll.
Mike Sackton: But who's gonna okay? So I'll pick up
Mike Sackton: the eyes with the May chant when at least there was the the watchers thing, the ruby.
Tim Sackton: Key.
Tim Sackton: the dagger, the watchers pendant, and 3 rubies.
Mike Sackton: Okay,
Mike Sackton: should we just drop them in the hole, for now.
Kate Sackton: Yes, slip the rubies into some sort of bag in a hole in a in a deal with it later sort of way.
Kate Sackton: but dependent in the dependent dagger and skeleton key. Here
Kate Sackton: things they should take.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, if we wanna split up I would send
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well, being ken. So with the key to pillage as quick as we can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and the 3 of you outside to deal with the Fay, who probably wants to turn us into beats.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we.
Mike Sackton: Just Rainbow Bridge back to our base. Oh, I guess that's annoying. No cause. Then
Mike Sackton: wait. What was our play for getting back to the
Mike Sackton: Rodney.
Tim Sackton: Well, as soon as you sleep, seeker can teleport you back.
Mike Sackton: To
Mike Sackton: the inner sanctum.
Tim Sackton: Well, you Ca, you have a decision back to your yeah.
Mike Sackton: We could talk about breakdown right, but
Mike Sackton: so we could rainbow Bridge to our base, sleep and then teleport to
Mike Sackton: the right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But won't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't we, Rainbow Bridge once a week, though, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it feels like we should save that for emergency evacuation from Rodney when they turn on us.
Mike Sackton: You are wise. Well, be.
Kate Sackton: Okay, well, how do we get out of here?
Mike Sackton: We're leaving. Go, go, go, go before it. Classes.
Kate Sackton: Control. There's remaining vampires.
Kate Sackton: There's I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Worried about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're.
Tim Sackton: So you're running. You're running down the
Tim Sackton: the hall, and you come back up into the
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the room with the organ, which is now cracked, and there's organ pipes falling down.
Tim Sackton: The pews have split. You can see that there's a hole in the ceiling ceiling, and the walls are beginning to shake.
Mike Sackton: That's not good. Hold on, guys, I guess. Have to step away for 1 s, though.
Kate Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What! What's our priority? Here we are, we pillaging, or are we getting the troll back? Are we split? Are we dividing and conquered.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should divide and conquer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm tight.
Eric Rosenbaum: The troll is surrounded by vampires.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who are all maybe dead. Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because the.
Tim Sackton: You have no real idea. I mean, maybe all the vampires are dead, and the school is just pillaging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I think I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, be probably right. You you'd be good for like getting all the treasures as you got the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think so. I got the whole. I could fly. I feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel confident about being in a collapsing building.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Checks in with her friends. Is anybody else perilously wounded? I just healed myself. Is anybody else gonna fall over? If somebody sneezes on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty. I think we're all pretty wounded, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not like previously like I'm like, I've got 46 points.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have 39. I'm below half. But I'm okay.
Mike Sackton: What did we decide to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're gonna divide and conquer, to go. Go get the troll, and then finish Belgium.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody
Mike Sackton: Are we going? Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The I think Wellby's leading the pillage group, and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell. It's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who had the who had the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, good.
Tim Sackton: Then the hole.
Tim Sackton: Bobby, has some error. You can take it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's a bad idea in a collapsing building to take a mirror out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Fair point.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the the poison troll maybe we can consider to have, you know, served his.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I really want to get the trouble that dies. Can we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but like, but like Matt, ruined castle of the Poison Troll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a level 4 to 6. Adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is this is his place. Now you know he lives here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a good outcome for him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come back at some point later.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically did, we basically did a job placement for the poison troll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Always have a friend here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thankful. This is really painful guys. So we're really
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no hold on. Hold. There's nothing you can get control back.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can take out the mirror. There's some chance that the ceiling will collapse, and it will break.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Never stop. We can't.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we could run outside past the Poison troll and see if he follows us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay, okay, this is what we're gonna do. This is what we're Gonna do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Henslow is gonna is gonna go and find.
Kate Sackton: And we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yes, we don't even know where the troll is. We still telepathy right? We can all communicate with each other right? So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so well, we go pillage. Kenz is just gonna do a little scout little reconnaissance. Figure out what the troll is.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Kate Sackton: Can we capture the Beat Lady?
Kate Sackton: Even in.
Mike Sackton: Probably has good saves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nope, okay. Sure.
Tim Sackton: Aye, aye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a perfectly good ring that Faye can hide into.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we should capture the beat, lady. That's a little too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the Fay, the fay. I feel like we should stay away from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Help you, sir.
Tim Sackton: There is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Way, more scary.
Tim Sackton: Another, of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Be later than the vampire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're we're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Moving as as we're having this conversation.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. So who's running? Where?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blended where the troll used to be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Treasure.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Tim Sackton: Oh, exit! You're on.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can all do that.
Tim Sackton: Map, right
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Map.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So I just run to where you want to run.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Be able to open the doors.
Mike Sackton: This way? Was the treasure right?
Tim Sackton: The treasure is this way?
Tim Sackton: Okay? So as you open that door with the skeleton key.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am flying over, cause I know there's gonna be like a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): choppy thing.
Tim Sackton: Make a make, a dexterity, saving, throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, Tim, is the troll here controls behind that door, or do we see the troll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, it goes over to the right.
Kate Sackton: The trolls on the other side, from the from the.
Tim Sackton: well be inspired, robbed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inspire me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well, V is not grabbed.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Tim Sackton: By a black hand of
Tim Sackton: devil. Echo
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right!
Tim Sackton: Okay. So he flies.
Tim Sackton: So you open the door. You see the troll in there?
Tim Sackton: It seems to be
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: wrestling with
Tim Sackton: something.
Tim Sackton: hold on with! There's like some strange creature that's like perched on top of the toll under fighting, and it's trying to suck its breath.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Alright.
Mike Sackton: What kind of creature like a bot like creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could put in.
Tim Sackton: You know it?
Tim Sackton: M.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let me let me do. We have.
Mike Sackton: There are, there are.
Tim Sackton: Who has the mirror.
Mike Sackton: It's in the mirror. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hole around my neck.
Tim Sackton: So. No, you do not have the mirror.
Tim Sackton: We don't even have a number, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Kate Sackton: I mean. Kenza was scouting.
Kate Sackton: Dell was, and I were leaving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is, the is, the is. Is the whole thing collapsing around us right now? Or is this serious.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, it's collapsing quite rapidly, and it increasing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Alright! Alright! Get out of here! Fine!
Tim Sackton: Palms
Tim Sackton: dealt with you. Step into the treasure room. You see.
Mike Sackton: I'll be not done.
Tim Sackton: Alright! Well, be.
Mike Sackton: Lobby.
Tim Sackton: You see?
Tim Sackton: a large pile of coins probably, I mean, I guess not huge. It's mostly copper, some silver and gold
Tim Sackton: floating over the coins. Is this black mist that you can sense whispering to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: Read about this.
Tim Sackton: breathe me in.
Tim Sackton: feel my power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And thank you.
Tim Sackton: Scattered among with a quick glance.
Tim Sackton: Scattered among the the coins. You can see
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4 5 potions, and one broken potion bottle
Tim Sackton: where a stone has fallen from the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: There's some 4 suits of
Tim Sackton: full gilded plate armor.
Tim Sackton: There's like 50 pounds of gold bars. There's a diamond statue of a dragon of a there's a diamond statue out of a dragon, probably about this big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a lot of time.
Tim Sackton: There's a shield.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's not pure diamond. It's like a engraved with diamonds that make it sparkle.
Tim Sackton: there.
Kate Sackton: It's bedazzled.
Tim Sackton: There is.
Tim Sackton: yeah, there's a shield.
Tim Sackton: and there's like a handful of gems scattered around.
Kate Sackton: Well be if you want to holler for help.
Kate Sackton: telephony, telepathy, or something. I could see if the spell magic gets rid of the
Kate Sackton: creepy breath.
Kate Sackton: You're not that far away, right?
Kate Sackton: Oh, but I have to face the anchor hallway.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so it sounds like there's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a quick but perceptive glance around the room says there's no other obvious like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): magic. Item, me types of.
Tim Sackton: I mean the shield, the armour.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's potions.
Tim Sackton: the the shield and arm.
Tim Sackton: there's there's gold, there's potions, there's
Tim Sackton: a shield, 3 blast plates, and 4 suits of plate mail armor, any of which could be magical. It's hard to tell. They're nicely made.
Tim Sackton: There's 50 pounds of gold. There's the diamond statue, there's lots of coins.
Tim Sackton: And then there's like some scattered gems.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. I think I'm gonna I think the suits of armor are
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just like mechanically unrealistic for a halfling to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): deal with.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Prioritize the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shield, the potions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): then the statue, then the bulk, gold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gold bars. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Prioritized, not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): getting crushed. But my plan is to is to exit upwards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so the plan is to let enough of the roof collapse to.
Tim Sackton: Make a
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: acrobatics check
Tim Sackton: alright. Why am I telling you to make it? Your minimum is like a 40
Tim Sackton: You dodge. You spend about 5 min tossing stuff in the hole.
Tim Sackton: dodging, falling.
Tim Sackton: falling
Tim Sackton: pieces. You notice.
Tim Sackton: As you start to clear.
Tim Sackton: Basically, what you're able to get is the 50 pounds of gold, the diamond statue. What was the other stuff you prioritized.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pushings and shield.
Tim Sackton: All the potions and the shield.
Tim Sackton: a large, you dodge out of the way of a large chunk of
Tim Sackton: the falling ceiling.
Tim Sackton: as you also notice that
Tim Sackton: behind the
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: underneath some of the gold there's a secret door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I am.
Mike Sackton: Open it up!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going, I'll say boots of speed are still up
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): from cause. It hasn't been 10 min since combat yet. We're only 5 min. So I'm moving
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): very, very quickly.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you've got. Let me just mark what you've got. You've got
Tim Sackton: you got
Tim Sackton: all of the potions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like a video game.
Tim Sackton: God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he's like you're at every square you cover.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, yeah, you.
Tim Sackton: Not the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Folks are falling in the group.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You got the diamond statue, you got the 50 pounds of gold, and you got the shield.
Tim Sackton: and that's about it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome secret door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you're.
Tim Sackton: Run through the secret door.
Tim Sackton: It goes straight
Tim Sackton: like your your area sense suggests you're probably moving
Tim Sackton: west
Tim Sackton: outside of the castle itself, and then it turns sharply left so south.
Tim Sackton: and then you find yourself
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Tim Sackton: Against
Tim Sackton: another door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's find out what's I'll relay telepathically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Incidentally, I found a door and I went down hall, and I'm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have poor reception.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next arc of 5 sessions is just rescuing wellbeing.
Tim Sackton: So you, yeah, you
Tim Sackton: gradually push open.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cautiously, thoughtfully, appropriate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excuse me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Murder on the other side.
Tim Sackton: You are inside the mausoleum.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's probably not great.
Tim Sackton: You see 3 rates.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rape.
Tim Sackton: Beginning to move towards you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Move so quickly in the opposite direction.
Tim Sackton: What's your what's your speed?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So with the boosted speed, it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 80. So that's what is that? 2 40.
Tim Sackton: Okay, roll roll A, d. 20
Tim Sackton: higher than 10 is lower than 10 is bad.
Tim Sackton: Webinar office is good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me pass it over.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Wait! Hold on! Let me suggest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But as a halfling I reroll once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Rebecca.
Mike Sackton: Higher point of luck that he gets good luck and gets 3 roll ones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will run. Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Roll you come back, and a chunk of the ceiling has fallen on the secret door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh! Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no, no! I have something for just this moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inventory.
Kate Sackton: Quick! Man!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With Earth. I've traveled through.
Mike Sackton: Open the door to the baseline. Wait!
Mike Sackton: There's another door inside the maslin right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there's also 3, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you see this.
Mike Sackton: But just let the rest of us in, and we'll kill the raids.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, are we? Just isn't there like a main door to the mausoleum from the hallway where we're all hanging out.
Mike Sackton: Well, it's yeah. But it's probably
Mike Sackton: like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, I think I think I can speed right.
Tim Sackton: Tommy has the key.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've got the key boots of speed. Give disadvantage on opportunity attacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm moving incredibly fast. I think I can run. Rates are insufficient. I can run directly through them and out the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Mike Sackton: Alright! There's no no way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can't work
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): great night.
Tim Sackton: Be.
Mike Sackton: But I.
Tim Sackton: Turns around
Tim Sackton: and runs
Tim Sackton: out through the mausoleum.
Tim Sackton: 3 rates that opportunity tax on you with disadvantage. That's a 9.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's kind of a hit.
Tim Sackton: That's so one hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, thank, you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You. You roll twice and you have to hit.
Tim Sackton: So I'll take twice and take the lower one. I hope you're not super low on health.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I think I actually have the most of all of us right now. But 64 still.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, you're fine.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you're you're probably you're fine. Then.
Tim Sackton: The wraith
Tim Sackton: is only able to do
Tim Sackton: alright. That's the page. Where does the page go?
Tim Sackton: 14 points of psychic damage, and you have to make a wisdom saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this the kind of 14 points that I can uncanny dodge from.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will do that, but the wisdom save
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 5, which not.
Mike Sackton: Have you told us that you're doing this, or did you just do this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I told you I mean this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Slash, like, you know, after the fact when you made it out fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm running back towards the rates now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That will at least go over to the door of the.
Tim Sackton: The the door, unfortunately, is locked.
Mike Sackton: No, no, I'm not even yeah. I'm not trying to open the door. Where is it, Leslie? Anyway, it's over here right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, this building over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter is still up. Can the latter rescue him?
Mike Sackton: Wait. Can the Wada go get treasure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Letter.
Tim Sackton: It's.
Mike Sackton: It's our time.
Tim Sackton: Very good.
Mike Sackton: Can it thread itself through all the suits of armor, and then fly out.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Love that so much.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Carry all them, but it can get a few.
Mike Sackton: What happens if it fails, the latter gets crushed to death like it always does, but, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Us, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yet, right? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's.
Tim Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody. Somebody generated AI.
Tim Sackton: You are. You are days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The latter, that you have.
Tim Sackton: Only.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Plate Harbor.
Tim Sackton: Move. So you basically don't get your bonus action. But that's fine. You still have enough speed.
Tim Sackton: But you come to the door
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: struggle for a moment to open the door with the rates closing in behind. You.
Tim Sackton: Push the door open.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm just gonna say, that's bad fire safety to lock from the inside for an exit.
Tim Sackton: Slept through and
Tim Sackton: manage to shut it behind you.
Tim Sackton: The rains seem uninterested in leaving the mausoleum.
Tim Sackton: The tower is now almost completely collapsed.
Mike Sackton: Is the mountain stable.
Tim Sackton: The mountain is.
Tim Sackton: may be stable, although Patrick Agnes seems to have scattered from the scene.
Tim Sackton: Whether that's a good or a bad sign is not immediately obvious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the latter getting armor right now?
Tim Sackton: The latter is attempting to in the meantime you can see the the room with the poison troll seems to have the tower with the poison troll is sort of completely collapsed, and you can see the poison troll like climbing up to the top and just like starting to chuck pieces of the tower, like in all directions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will, can, can. We.
Tim Sackton: King Kong ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wellbe's out. Now. Can we pull this, pull the mirror out and try to get him back in.
Tim Sackton: You can try, but remember, it's throwing pieces of rock directly at me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that was.
Mike Sackton: Like. If one of the pieces of rock hits the mirror right, it.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I'm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm imagining, and I have to switch to phone and jump in the car for a half hour in just a sec. But like I'm imagining this scene with like, we'll be leaning back against the mausoleum door, still
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): unsteady, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the poison troll throwing rocks off the top, and all of us sort of gathered in the front of this building as the latter lifts out like a chain of armor, parts.
Tim Sackton: I, Meg? I think we should just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Call this a win.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take it! There.
Tim Sackton: Already saving throw for the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dexterity saving, throw to the ladder at least.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, might get easy participation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: D Small's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like Kenzo doesn't care, but I care.
Tim Sackton: The latter
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: beneath a giant chunk of rubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And inspire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Connect.
Mike Sackton: Like you inspire the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we have ruled in the past that we can. I believe the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: And for the.
Tim Sackton: You have inspiration left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I only used, I think, one or 2.
Mike Sackton: Used one with.
Mike Sackton: okay, this is one resource.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, go ahead. Yup. Inspire the latter.
Tim Sackton: The latter
Tim Sackton: from seekers. Inspiration dodges away, losing one of the
Tim Sackton: 3 pieces of armor it was carrying, but coming away with 2 suits of plate mail and one breastplate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Kate Sackton: We throw in the hole and start trekking down the mountain path.
Kate Sackton: Can we just.
Mike Sackton: Jump on the ladder.
Tim Sackton: 2 of you can.
Mike Sackton: Guess 2 of us can.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, it's carrying.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A lot of armor. So.
Mike Sackton: It? No, no, probably not. We're gonna pause and put the armor in the hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, everything collapses around that.
Mike Sackton: Take 2 min, take a minute, open up the hole right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We don't want to carry heavy stuff
Kate Sackton: when we have an extra day.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Around.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not greedy.
Tim Sackton: Take a minute. Yeah. Also, there's like 50 pounds of gold.
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch of potions.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Heavy. Stuff is.
Tim Sackton: So you take take a few minutes. Put the treasure in the hole.
Tim Sackton: If the if the
Tim Sackton: if the
Tim Sackton: mountain is collapsing. It's doing so slowly. The the biggest danger right now is the the poison troll, who seems to have decided that this is his kingdom.
Tim Sackton: And is like wants. You gone, is chucking rocks in your direction.
Mike Sackton: It's an honorable retirement for the
Mike Sackton: for the.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the poison troll lives here. Now this is. We'll come in. We'll visit someday Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: The legend of PT. Smalls.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not over yet
Eric Rosenbaum: them.
Kate Sackton: The halflings will tell the tale of the poison troll on the ruined castle.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: so what do you do?
Mike Sackton: I think we
Mike Sackton: type right?
Kate Sackton: Down the mountain to the campsite and rest long enough to get teleported. The heck out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, if we can sleep, we can teleport.
Tim Sackton: It's it's mid afternoon now.
Tim Sackton: and it takes you a good
Tim Sackton: 4 h to track down to somewhere. That's sort of comfortable and safe
Tim Sackton: to rest.
Tim Sackton: So the time you reach
Tim Sackton: a safe campground the sun is setting. It's maybe 7 Pm.
Tim Sackton: And you, you know, establish your camp and get
Tim Sackton: settled, and as you
Tim Sackton: think, and recall the
Tim Sackton: dangers of the battle in your successful flight from the collapsing tower, you all level up.
Kate Sackton: Alright. I'm also going to
Kate Sackton: sending. We gotta think about what we want to send
Kate Sackton: to charting.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast dream tonight and have a whole conversation with her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hat
Eric Rosenbaum: is that a new ability.
Mike Sackton: I've done this before. I sorry I haven't dealt with. Had a whole
Mike Sackton: therapy group through dream, for people who have lost big chunks of their life.
Tim Sackton: So you rest, you recover.
Mike Sackton: Do we identify what's magic and what's not.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so all the potions are
Tim Sackton: a potion of clairvoyance, a potion of heroism, a potion of supreme healing, and 2 potions of speed.
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Dagger is the dagger of blind sight.
Tim Sackton: none of the armor or shields are magical
Tim Sackton: dragon statue at, and the gold is not magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if I.
Kate Sackton: America has it?
Eric Rosenbaum: 14 on this thing. Does that do what I needed to do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: You'll need to pick your, you know. Add your spells, but
Tim Sackton: the the watchers pendant is magical.
Tim Sackton: but the
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: rubies are not magical.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We id. The watch is pendant.
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: it's complicated, it's mo. It's this. Magic is mostly around
Tim Sackton: identification and
Tim Sackton: sort of marking marking you as a as a member of the
Tim Sackton: Rodney. Oh, Cobb, it's it's you can't. It's not something you can attune to unless you're
Tim Sackton: a watcher, but it seems to enhance.
Tim Sackton: you know. Give you recognition and enhance your site in some way.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: Douglas, you don't need like you didn't need someone to say. Didn't you say something about
Kate Sackton: sending ascending to say.
Kate Sackton: are you willing to have a conversation in your dreams, or was that some other person you? Do? You know this person well enough that you're just going to invade her dreams?
Mike Sackton: I? Yeah, I don't need to know her well to. I mean, we could send the sending, but I'm not sure there's any
Mike Sackton: like I.
Mike Sackton: It's just somebody I know, right? So it doesn't have to be well known, or anything like that.
Kate Sackton: I just have a vague memory of somebody saying something like Send ascending to say that we're going to call.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I did suggest that. But I don't know if we actually need to. At this point.
Kate Sackton: That's fine.
Kate Sackton: Try.
Kate Sackton: Make sure I'm not going crazy. Thank you, Jim.
Kate Sackton: You did say that
Kate Sackton: alright.
Kate Sackton: I guess. Please.
Tim Sackton: Case.
Tim Sackton: so you prepare for sleep.
Tim Sackton: Everybody rests.
Mike Sackton: I am going to cast drink.
Tim Sackton: Guy
Tim Sackton: e
Tim Sackton: Let's say.
Mike Sackton: Late at night, I think right like the what's the direction of the.
Tim Sackton: Chardon's West. So it's earlier.
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: So I will
Mike Sackton: long rest first
Mike Sackton: cast dream at like 2 in the morning, after I've done my trance, and I'm ready for.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: Or something, and it lasts for 8 h, so as long as she goes to sleep.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Time, in those 8 h.
Tim Sackton: You, you find yourself waiting for a couple of hours until the
Tim Sackton: button.
Tim Sackton: until the early, almost pre-dawn hours, like 5 5 am. Here.
Tim Sackton: when suddenly you slip into your trance and appear standing next to archivist Mira.
Mike Sackton: So I'm going to start by telling her.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'll I'll make. I can make it look like whatever I want. I'll make it look.
Tim Sackton: Christ.
Mike Sackton: Like a sort of welcoming
Mike Sackton: tea room or something, you know, something like she was the one we met in like.
Tim Sackton: Tea with her, and the old rich lady.
Mike Sackton: I'll set it up sort of like that, right like a T, you know a T thing, and I'll be sitting waiting for her. So when she appears, I'll
Mike Sackton: you know I'll apologize for intruding on her sleep, and tell her that this seems like a easier way to have a conversation than sending.
Mike Sackton: and that I would like to explain what's been going on, and answer further what?
Mike Sackton: My previous message into that
Mike Sackton: that she's.
Tim Sackton: Looks.
Mike Sackton: Information she should probably have.
Tim Sackton: She listens for a moment, and then kind of
Tim Sackton: well, something is going on.
Tim Sackton: Don't see how you could be at 2 places as once, and I
Tim Sackton: really don't think that Dunmari would have launched a terrorist attack against
Tim Sackton: chartered. And yet
Tim Sackton: you and your companion, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: opened a rift to pandemonium in the heart of the city.
Tim Sackton: So what am I supposed to think.
David Schwartz: Oh no!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You and your companion and Kenzo. I was not involved. It's all null. It.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Kenzo Kento might have done something, though I won't say that I wouldn't say that.
Tim Sackton: Kemp's our way in the meantime.
Tim Sackton: as having the same dream of a polyon that you had before, except the cracks in his tomb, are now wider.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Mike Sackton: I will show her where I am right now. I'll transform the landscape into.
Tim Sackton: Yes, I've I've seen.
Tim Sackton: Not a fool.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Kate Sackton: Polymorph.
Mike Sackton: Let's go with magic. I will.
Mike Sackton: I will say.
Mike Sackton: somewhat like I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: phrase this, and kind of a cotton
Mike Sackton: careful way, but ultimately, say we do know how
Mike Sackton: a rift to pandemonium might have been created.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately.
Mike Sackton: we made some.
Mike Sackton: We made a bargain. No, I'm telling her I'm I'm telling her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Too bad!
Mike Sackton: I I will explain like, I said, in a sort of roundabout and cautious way, but ultimately explain that we made a bargain with Fausto
Mike Sackton: to trade.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Are you just reminding us what's going on.
Tim Sackton: Just thought you might wanna revisit that particular link.
Mike Sackton: Chartered one, or the Apollo one.
Tim Sackton: The Polyon, one.
David Schwartz: What is that for context? Sorry, while I'm driving.
Mike Sackton: Tim sent the link to when Della scribe a poly on
Mike Sackton: about a month ago, and he was looked at us and said.
Mike Sackton: wait! What is cracking? The tubes are cracking.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I get it!
Tim Sackton: Clients, too, man.
Kate Sackton: There were likenesses of us.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: He created like this as a boss
Mike Sackton: that wasn't like to scare us.
Mike Sackton: That was really likenesses of us.
Mike Sackton: Oh, man, that's bad!
Mike Sackton: Wait what I mean.
Mike Sackton: So the the script. Just so. Schwartz can hear this right? So dealt with Scribe upon.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Mike Sackton: And at one of when he successfully scribed a polyon.
Mike Sackton: a Polyon went into a room
Mike Sackton: where 5 tunes arose from the ground, and
Mike Sackton: coming out of the tunes for the 5 of us.
Mike Sackton: and at the time we interpreted that as
Mike Sackton: he's gonna kill us right? This is like a threat. But no, he created.
David Schwartz: I thought that was metaphorical.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we obviously all thought it was metaphorical. It was clearly not metaphorical.
Eric Rosenbaum: It were like
Eric Rosenbaum: they were like automata that he used to go wreak havoc.
Mike Sackton: So right. So this will occur to Dell with halfway through the conversation, this. But Hello! I've already explained about how we gave Fausto a scroll, a valuable scroll that we
Mike Sackton: thought he was going to use to.
Mike Sackton: you know. Study the planes.
Tim Sackton: A scroll. She pauses. This one a scroll that came from
Tim Sackton: Tocra. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You recovered.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: we trusted festo at the time we thought he was a scholar, as he claims to be.
Mike Sackton: and that this was a fair trade for some
Mike Sackton: items that
Mike Sackton: he had acquired.
Mike Sackton: that we were trying to return to a storm giant. If you
Mike Sackton: must know storm giants, of course
Mike Sackton: not. Somebody generally like to mess with or betray
Mike Sackton: But clearly it was not a fair trade. He tried to kill us. Once we made the trade.
Mike Sackton: we barely escaped to their lives.
Mike Sackton: but he must have done something with it.
Tim Sackton: Well, this complicates things because
Tim Sackton: I could not believe the scroll
Tim Sackton: was Dunbari in origin, and yet
Tim Sackton: even the
Tim Sackton: priests of Musnumina, who, we asked, said that indeed it came from Tocraft.
Mike Sackton: It's not that, Marian origin, though it came from a werewolf cult.
Tim Sackton: There was Fausto who controlled the questioning.
Mike Sackton: It came from the bar.
Mike Sackton: but not from a standing army.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure he is aware of.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Of distinction.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure he is too.
Tim Sackton: Fenacious Magic.
Mike Sackton: It occurs to me as I send here talking to you.
Mike Sackton: Do you have a few more? Do you have some time?
Mike Sackton: I would like to tell you the story of Apollo.
Mike Sackton: and what we've learned.
Tim Sackton: I am
Tim Sackton: happy to listen, but I do not know that there is much that can be done. There's a grand swell growing already for retaliation against Dunmar.
Tim Sackton: and I believe
Tim Sackton: E.
Tim Sackton: Fausto has swayed the Atari Magica, and soon the magistrates.
Mike Sackton: You should know there.
Mike Sackton: So I'll tell a little bit about a poly on. If I still was working for a poly on
Mike Sackton: right. I'll mention a few of the people we have in the mirror, like Antonio and a few others who are
Mike Sackton: either zombified by him will mention the cleanest right, or we're working for him. But now regret it, and believe he's a lick, which, right
Mike Sackton: I will then mention my scrying. I will suggest she'd be cautious attempting to scry a polyon
Mike Sackton: And of course it's quite difficult. But I succeeded once.
Mike Sackton: and I saw
Mike Sackton: what we thought was metaphor, but what I now realize must have been reality.
Mike Sackton: 5 duplicates, one of me, one of my companion, Kenzo, my companion seeker, my companion, Briswyn.
Mike Sackton: my companion Wellbe.
Mike Sackton: emerging from a tune.
Tim Sackton: What are the other 3 doing?
Mike Sackton: Probably causing.
Mike Sackton: Don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering that, too.
Kate Sackton: We scry on.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: The atomic. I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why can't we strain the atomic.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, tries crying the atomic up.
Tim Sackton: I gotta look at this. I mean, you can certainly try. Let me look at the sky spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is so cool. This is like classic like you have to fight the shadow version of yourself like, are they as powerful as us?
Eric Rosenbaum: This is! This is so terrible! It's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's fucking awesome! This is.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shit. I'm gonna fight like Kenzie gets to fight himself.
Tim Sackton: You know you can't. You can't target an object. You can only target a creature or a place.
Eric Rosenbaum: But is it a creature? We don't even know what these things are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They are creatures.
Tim Sackton: You don't know what they are.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it will be.
Tim Sackton: You have no idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Neither are
Eric Rosenbaum: my new spell. I just got.
Tim Sackton: They could very well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then Kenza Kenzo is gonna with for his automaton, his plan. He's gonna he's gonna he's gonna like, expand his consciousness and then take over the automaton so that he controls it.
Tim Sackton: Well, yours has yours has been executed in Chartin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: For oh!
Kate Sackton: In the
Kate Sackton: and volume.
Tim Sackton: For opening a rift to pandemonium through the middle of one of the biggest markets in the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! What!
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a result of that. Oh, my God!
Mike Sackton: Is the rift closed?
Kate Sackton: Is everybody okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can return.
Eric Rosenbaum: we can close it.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: the the rift.
Tim Sackton: the rift itself is closed.
Tim Sackton: but there's a shimmering
Tim Sackton: wall of
Tim Sackton: grey mist or fog that runs through the middle of the Carlos market. Still, that
Tim Sackton: we have not figured out yet how to dispel. I'm sure we will soon.
Tim Sackton: But what mischief it might have caused. In the meantime
Tim Sackton: I do not know, and beyond the
Tim Sackton: hundreds of people who are killed in the
Tim Sackton: initial
Tim Sackton: opening, and
Tim Sackton: a hundred more who are pulled through into pandemonium surely dead now.
Tim Sackton: whether some madness of that place
Tim Sackton: contaminated those who touched the mists
Tim Sackton: still do not, are not sure.
Tim Sackton: There's a strange howling that blows at night from
Tim Sackton: this place. Now
Tim Sackton: it will be a while before the market can be used.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we have an alibi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When did that happen?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, when did it happen.
Tim Sackton: May first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where? Where were we at May first?
Tim Sackton: You are.
David Schwartz: We in the famously closed kingdom, where no one can vouch for us, or the frozen wilds of the North, where no one can vouch for us.
Tim Sackton: You you weren't. You were like in Ersk, a day's journey away from
Tim Sackton: Rodney.
Tim Sackton: vault. Naz's manner.
Mike Sackton: So it's not true that nobody could vouch for us. It's just that the airskins won't
Mike Sackton: like. I bet you they knew where we were.
Mike Sackton: Maybe not.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: That was the night you just camped before you were west of the city of Yam. Got you camped in the wilderness.
Mike Sackton: So we could have teleported to, charted and then teleported back, and nobody actually couldn't.
Mike Sackton: can't actually improve anything.
Kate Sackton: Except if they executed Kenzo. That kind of proves the whole double thing.
Mike Sackton: Did they actually dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: hey?
Kate Sackton: She thought it was worth ascending to tell us that we were there.
Mike Sackton: Describe us. She's.
Tim Sackton: Add you first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It should have let them escape. But I guess at that point they were getting captured by the real. The yeah.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't right. Fausta probably lost control at that point right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would have been better to get it, but.
Mike Sackton: Something suspicious here, right like
Mike Sackton: it'd be hard to maintain that level of.
Mike Sackton: I mean. But Fafsa could have controlled a lot of the
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: honestly, we don't know if you may even execute, I mean, does she have evidence that they was voustillic.
Tim Sackton: Just
Tim Sackton: just rumors there's there's lots of mixed rumors going around. She says there's
Tim Sackton: it's it's all is deeply confused.
Tim Sackton: like there's rumors that dealt with was corrupted by shadow.
Tim Sackton: corrupted by the madness of pandemonium itself, and was secretly a servant of the mad one for years.
Tim Sackton: There's rumors that when he.
Mike Sackton: Then don't give it a West.
Tim Sackton: Story is about him being trapped in a
Tim Sackton: some other dimension right like this isn't totally a secret. There's.
David Schwartz: Does it all.
Tim Sackton: Like. Oh!
Tim Sackton: And so Kenzo fled, chartered as a child, as you know, in his youth. Right? He was.
Mike Sackton: Cancel is clearly a chart out of the anti-chanity of terrorists. He's admitted to being an anti-channity terrorist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no! See, the thing is, I would never! I would never open the pan and thing like on a marketplace, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, would it? Right? Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What style?
Mike Sackton: I've been like somewhere fancier right like the chat like mine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tardonian guard, or something like that. But.
Tim Sackton: These are the rumors that are spreading. It's it's clear that you 2 were chosen for
Tim Sackton: reasons. On the other hand, there's also rumors, particularly among the the priests, that no, this is all a lie.
Tim Sackton: But there's there's other. There's another one of the like, you know, the official entire. You know. Divination was done by
Tim Sackton: a priest who was associated with, who was like part of the Emperor's
Tim Sackton: inner circle, or the magistrates' inner circle, who said
Tim Sackton: supposedly
Tim Sackton: that the god said you were guilty.
Tim Sackton: E,
Tim Sackton: so there's lots of mixed stories according to Lara.
Tim Sackton: She doesn't know what's going on at all, but has never liked Fasto, and he's also a
Tim Sackton: very high, level enchanter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are?
Tim Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That, you know he's she's talking to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She knows.
Tim Sackton: I mean she she grew up in Darva. She's like hasn't
Tim Sackton: deep fondness for Dunbar.
Tim Sackton: but events are moving
Tim Sackton: like she has no control over. Events are moving. She doesn't even know if Fausto has control at this point, like
Tim Sackton: she hasn't spoken to Fest, though she doesn't know.
Mike Sackton: Be careful. I'll warn her to be very careful with him.
Tim Sackton: Oh, she's not planning on speaking to Fester, she's considering. I mean she has a power base up north.
Tim Sackton: she's considered leaving chartered and
Tim Sackton: heading north.
Kate Sackton: Know anyone else in Chardon, near there is level of influential influentiality which is
Kate Sackton: big. I mean.
Tim Sackton: The other people, you know, in Chartered, who are somewhat
Tim Sackton: powerful, is
Tim Sackton: a dwarf scholar. Oscar, who's not a mage, doesn't have it.
Mike Sackton: No, does we? I want to ask liar.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, if she knows anybody else who might believe us.
Kate Sackton: Put it that way.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: there's
Tim Sackton: she kind of thought. She says. I have no idea what to believe anymore.
Mike Sackton: And I want to know. Is Fausto been the public face of any of this.
Tim Sackton: Fausto gave a speech, an impassioned speech to the heteri magica, which is like the
Tim Sackton: Council of Wizards.
Tim Sackton: basically blaming.
Tim Sackton: talking about how dealt with must have been corrupted by the shadow. And how can so
Tim Sackton: has been a Denmark. You know our terrorist for
Tim Sackton: a decade must have left Chardon for this.
Tim Sackton: and how we, we must retaliate.
Mike Sackton: Writer.
Tim Sackton: Exactly
Tim Sackton: how he must retaliate. But yeah, but other than that one speech, he hasn't been particularly involved.
Mike Sackton: So this.
Tim Sackton: Is like.
Mike Sackton: Posta wouldn't necessarily discredit
Mike Sackton: it wouldn't necessarily
Mike Sackton: achieve very much, is what I'm trying to.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: No, at this point
Tim Sackton: it seems unclear like
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: so so
Tim Sackton: the magistrates
Tim Sackton: also. Not a wizard. He has his own, like cadre of
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: of wizards. The the Mage guard, who.
Tim Sackton: you know, are mostly
Tim Sackton: come
Tim Sackton: not part of the like Academy, but are the sort of magical. The heads of the magical legions.
Tim Sackton: Nobody quite knows what. He's gonna decide whether he's gonna decide to
Tim Sackton: declare war on Denmark or not.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's heard from Denmark.
Tim Sackton: A lot of the magistrates' magical power is currently occupied with containing the
Tim Sackton: attack. So like Busto, or whoever
Tim Sackton: I mean, there was a lot of debate in the entire magic of. But, like
Tim Sackton: Charlton, has this long history of like a lot of these magical societies, or
Tim Sackton: founded long ago, and drank, or precisely to protect humans against extra planter attack.
Tim Sackton: And so it's definitely triggering for a lot of people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anyway. But but the the executions of Kenzo and Dalit were these public executions.
Tim Sackton: She doesn't even know for sure whether they were executed or not.
Tim Sackton: This is just one. This is a rumor, she heard from somebody she please, but like nobody's seen.
Tim Sackton: they were taken away.
Tim Sackton: and then rumors started spreading that they were killed.
Tim Sackton: But it wasn't a public execution. Nobody's seen them, nobody. The bodies weren't displayed, or anybody anything. So
Tim Sackton: maybe it didn't actually happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like. I wonder if we can like you know. Appear
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in somebody's dreams, or something like that, like, hey? We're still here, you know.
Tim Sackton: So I mean she
Tim Sackton: lira. I I'm
Tim Sackton: I'm I'm hoping you're gonna still get the jade statue. So I don't have to improvise the entire teleport to get to chart in tomorrow morning
Tim Sackton: on the fly.
Tim Sackton: which I guess I could do if you want to give up on the jade hand. But I don't think you want to do that.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, we're we're definitely go back to the.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: We're not. We're not like teleporting into German.
Tim Sackton: So I mean, there will give you the names of a few people who she thinks you might be able to talk to. But
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna
Tim Sackton: sketch that out in a little more detail before next session, and I'll I'll
Tim Sackton: I'll make that my intro next time, or something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, mostly
Mike Sackton: makes me want to add.
Mike Sackton: see if there's anybody else
Mike Sackton: just trying to think we don't know. I can only cast dream on somebody I know.
Mike Sackton: which I presume needs have met.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I would wait to talk to Sarah actually.
Kate Sackton: I was. Gonna say, let's tell people in Denmark what's going on. If they haven't heard.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast stream again.
Tim Sackton: Alright!
Mike Sackton: Test it again
Mike Sackton: on and get in touch with Sarah. See if she answers. See if she's sleeping.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she's sleeping, she she initially thinks this is just another meeting of the
Tim Sackton: life stolen Support group.
Tim Sackton: It's like it's been a while.
Mike Sackton: I have
Mike Sackton: Pat
Mike Sackton: some.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell her there's some bad news I had to share with you. Have you heard anything from Chartin?
Tim Sackton: Not recently.
Mike Sackton: Have we? Wait? Hold on, Metagame for a minute. Have we told her all the story about a Polyon?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Pretty sure we did right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You. You told her all that when you were doing the negotiation off.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure how to put this exactly. Sarah.
Mike Sackton: A. Polyon
Mike Sackton: has created
Mike Sackton: 5 doubles of us.
Mike Sackton: one double of each of us.
Mike Sackton: and sent 2 of them, myself and Kenzo
Mike Sackton: to chart in.
Mike Sackton: to pretend to be Dunmari.
Mike Sackton: who
Mike Sackton: opened a rift to pandemonium in the center of the city.
Tim Sackton: She is shocked.
Tim Sackton: speechless.
Mike Sackton: So the people there are a bit upset.
Mike Sackton: and presumably think that you or Karnas sent us.
Tim Sackton: Beam.
Tim Sackton: still somewhat speechless.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I thought you should know.
Tim Sackton: and hope to avoid
Tim Sackton: any conflict with charting. But
Tim Sackton: can you stop this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The pretext for war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll still must work.
Mike Sackton: Don't know.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Keep in touch.
Tim Sackton: Warren Hofdar.
Tim Sackton: on the Slingara plains as soon as I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just a.
Tim Sackton: Not a good time.
Mike Sackton: How is negotiations with carnivals going.
Tim Sackton: Wow! But
Tim Sackton: I'm not so sure. After this
Tim Sackton: we have a greet on many things.
Tim Sackton: including the timing of the
Tim Sackton: Temple Convocation that will meet to discuss the future of Dunbar.
Tim Sackton: but it is in a month's time.
Tim Sackton: The priests are already traveling across the land.
Tim Sackton: and it's very difficult to pivot to war right now.
Mike Sackton: We are.
Tim Sackton: We will do what we must.
Mike Sackton: We are quite
Mike Sackton: that. How long would it take us to get the Jardin
Mike Sackton: wait our next destination, I mean, if we were going after the next hand. We're going to go by charged, anyway.
Tim Sackton: How long would it take it to get with vendors? I mean it would
Tim Sackton: a second 6 s with.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no! If we brought Vindicarta.
Tim Sackton: Let me check for you!
Mike Sackton: Although fair enough, maybe we should just.
David Schwartz: Why does this?
David Schwartz: Why does this change our plans? Why.
David Schwartz: why does the cert?
David Schwartz: What difference does it make that they think we did it
David Schwartz: seriously like, why wouldn't we still just get the hand? The the threat is not.
David Schwartz: I don't know. Isn't the big threat still upon you getting out.
Mike Sackton: It is
Mike Sackton: like, yeah.
Kate Sackton: I just
Kate Sackton: if there were any way that we could immediately.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: To withs.
Mike Sackton: It's more just feeling bad about, you know, it's like they just shot the Archduke.
Mike Sackton: and you know that it's not really the Serbians right. And if you could just convince everybody it wasn't really the Serbians. Maybe you could stop World War one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Met again for a moment also should have used the Us. Thing instead of just like some terror attacking on the population. You should have used this strategically to like kill the Duke. He should have like killed some political enemy with us, you know. Then I would have created real chaos like this is like he could done some little work.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's an interesting right? Like, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be fair also, he only used.
Mike Sackton: And we could have still escaped, I mean, for all we know, for all we know, we were caught, and then we escaped right.
Mike Sackton: and the
Mike Sackton: that they'll send them off to do something else. As the escaped terrorists right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that'd be smarter.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we may be being his assassin somewhere. It's it could be a broadening problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: There. There's probably.
Kate Sackton: Point, Ken, so he might be thinking what you're thinking
Kate Sackton: if you were trying.
Tim Sackton: At least.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or war. Who else would you involve, like what other major power.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: well, Sambara, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Safari is a bigger power than Dunbar. Substantially.
Tim Sackton: It would take at least 2 weeks to 5. Vendors aren't enough from well, you don't actually really know where ventures arena is at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Should we send them.
Tim Sackton: Assuming you're Dratt.
Mike Sackton: Wait? How about.
Tim Sackton: Taken your ship to some crazy place.
Mike Sackton: Should we tell faldric to start flying vintage charter towards Chartered?
Mike Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great Idea.
Mike Sackton: Can we? Just sending him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Urgent message, head to chart in immediately.
Mike Sackton: Not approach within a hundred miles without further orders.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should, we should give him a specific location to park at. But yeah, we can find.
Mike Sackton: That's probably a better idea.
David Schwartz: We should set up a series of challenge questions for him also, so that.
Mike Sackton: We absolutely should.
David Schwartz: On us versions.
Mike Sackton: Gotta warn the followers.
Mike Sackton: we should totally.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to go back to to the ship to make sure.
Mike Sackton: Weekend, or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Favorite colors.
Mike Sackton: We can rabble bridge to the ship, and then teleport to Charlton. If we do that, though we cannot escape charter.
Eric Rosenbaum: And immediately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's true! Wait!
Kate Sackton: But we're not. Why are we going to chart in.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're not going to charge.
David Schwartz: Going to charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be fun, though.
Mike Sackton: We want to stop them from killing, from having a major war with the Denmark.
David Schwartz: But like part of my thought there though, is.
David Schwartz: I mean, this is
David Schwartz: even like today in 20 first century Earth. It takes weeks to months, to mobilize like.
Mike Sackton: Check.
David Schwartz: Like it could possibly, even if they are planning on obliterating Dunbar like we could possibly have a couple of months.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they're not gonna like.
David Schwartz: Built an army, you know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, unless they.
David Schwartz: I mean. So I make a big assumption. But.
Mike Sackton: Unless they decide to send a squadron of 50 mages to just kill Sira, or something like that.
David Schwartz: Yeah, that'd be a problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, am I?
Eric Rosenbaum: They could just teleport a group and.
Mike Sackton: They just blast them with like
Mike Sackton: they have airstrikes effectively. It doesn't take a month. Yes, a major, a major ground war would take you a month or more to mobilize for deciding to send the bombers to just blow up some people. You can do it a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that has its own consequences.
Tim Sackton: Teleport.
Mike Sackton: Yes, hunter.
Tim Sackton: Seventh level spell. They, Charlton, does not routinely have people able to cast 7 level spells
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: That's true. I guess that's true. Teleport is quite rare, so they can't quite.
Mike Sackton: But if they ever had to do like a tit for tat escalation.
Mike Sackton: They could do that a lot more quickly than call could done more.
Tim Sackton: Right. That is true.
Tim Sackton: anyway. Are you sending a message to.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: we're gonna send a message to Faldrick
Mike Sackton: as seeker. What should we tell? I guess. Raise when I'll send the sending
Mike Sackton: it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenza. We need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to know a geographic point
Eric Rosenbaum: for folder to stop at
Eric Rosenbaum: outside charting. That's well clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should just.
Mike Sackton: Go to where we were, go to the Elderwood, stop over.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if he's if he's coming from this way he would fly almost directly over the other one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alderwood's a great place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Save the post.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I'll send to Faldrick. How does sending work? Is this the 25 word message thing? Again?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: we also need to warn him about the duplicate uses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Adding 25 words.
Kate Sackton: I can cast it as many times as I want, because we're in the middle.
Tim Sackton: And keep.
Kate Sackton: Combat.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: I can also cast dream a third time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: let's not worry about the mechanics of how you do it. You have ways of communicating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We tell. We tell them all our favorite colors, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the names of our best friends when we were kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and the first car that we drove.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But how do you.
Tim Sackton: Know that. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Name of our middle school.
Tim Sackton: Is, don't! Don't have your memories.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know anything about the copies, do we?
Mike Sackton: I think we should tell them something like.
Kate Sackton: Recent.
Mike Sackton: Recent, something more immediate like, how did we kill specifically? How did we
Mike Sackton: tell them something right now? Right like like, how did we kill
Mike Sackton: Ward.
Tim Sackton: Brother von Glauer.
Mike Sackton: Yes, like specifically each of us should tell them what we did in that combat to kill, to kill them.
Mike Sackton: Nobody else should know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Unless somebody was scrying us right now, which seems unlikely.
Tim Sackton: Right? Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't there some kind of Erskine water network.
Eric Rosenbaum: anyway?
Tim Sackton: You're outside of us at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or it could be just like a like a thing. We just make up right.
Mike Sackton: Maybe just make something up right. You just make up a password.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, literally. Right now, we make up an encrypted key password.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's remove ourselves ourselves automatically. And we think.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's easy to do. You just make up a
Tim Sackton: 20 word. But
Tim Sackton: sentence, that's 15 words long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dealt with smells like poopy pants. That's the password.
Mike Sackton: And though is really a terrorist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's the so. So.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: He! He writes back.
Tim Sackton: Or he sounds back great to hear from you. Hope you're doing well.
Tim Sackton: Heading towards
Tim Sackton: Poland now, but will reroute to Chardon on your instructions.
Tim Sackton: Might have a small errand.
Mike Sackton: Is he stealing our ship.
Tim Sackton: I'm not stealing your ship.
Tim Sackton: That's a horrendous accusation.
Mike Sackton: No! How would he hear that? I said that.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: Sending him that I said to Sneaker, is he stealing our ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is he going to Poland?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Exactly. Why is he coming to trolling? We told him to hide out in Ersk.
Mike Sackton: I think Eric might be present.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that expression, that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Seekers shocked into silence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeker. Wise is is
Mike Sackton: Magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feeling are stealing the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: My engineer dropped out for a minute. There.
Mike Sackton: He's going back. He was.
Tim Sackton: He was. He was on his way to Tolin. But he'll reroute to chart, and for your instructions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but why is he? Why does he go to Tolan?
Tim Sackton: Might have a slight errant, might have a small errand.
Eric Rosenbaum: but Jesus.
Kate Sackton: Explain nature of errand and motivation for toll and trip.
Kate Sackton: but against instructions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Speaker. Do you know what he's doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: His friend.
Tim Sackton: We were inspired by you.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: everybody has to do a few side quests, don't they?
Tim Sackton: Just bringing you the hottest.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we do.
Tim Sackton: Skewed
Tim Sackton: back to their friends in tollum.
Mike Sackton: Which happens that we rescue.
Tim Sackton: That's what Frederick said, just bringing news of the happenlings we rescued.
Mike Sackton: And I will say to everybody, What happens? Did we rescue.
Kate Sackton: Baldrick apparently rescued some halflings.
Kate Sackton: We, they, we, not us, we.
Mike Sackton: Right
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: we'll check in on him.
David Schwartz: Who are no. Who are these halflings? What! What are their names, and where are they from? And their family like? I'm I'm super suspicious now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, tell us about that half like that.
Tim Sackton: Probably running out of sendings at this point.
Mike Sackton: It might be time to cast. Okay, baldrick.
Mike Sackton: Tomorrow night. Tell fall direct. You will be contacted in a dream tomorrow night, and to answer all the questions.
Kate Sackton: You want to have a sending with like my responsible dwarf
Kate Sackton: app light? Or do you want to have a sending with Faldrick?
Kate Sackton: I mean the dream?
Kate Sackton: Ha!
Mike Sackton: At.
Mike Sackton: I can do both.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We're the both that this might be happening.
Mike Sackton: I don't think anything go horribly wrong between now and tomorrow night. Right.
Kate Sackton: Alright! So that's the plan for tomorrow night.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean I could cast another drink now I just he sounds like he's up and awake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go get rise! Hand, too.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's go finish this off. It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So it's morning and seeker now has teleport back.
Tim Sackton: So the decision is, are you gonna follow your discussed
Tim Sackton: plan and show up at the gates with the Walker watchers medallion? Or are you going to teleport to the
Tim Sackton: inside the thing and just try and steal the hand
Tim Sackton: a.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't be legit about it.
Mike Sackton: Let's do the discussed plan.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what are you doing.
Mike Sackton: We're not just stealing the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's not do that. Let's not just do.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you tell part
Tim Sackton: to the outside of the of the gates.
Tim Sackton: Where the walls part, as you'd seen before.
Tim Sackton: and you are greeted by the the man that you had
Tim Sackton: the scribe
Tim Sackton: who you had spoken to
Tim Sackton: before, and then who invisibly had sent you on this message mission, and he looks somewhat nervous, and
Tim Sackton: Says.
Tim Sackton: do you have it?
Tim Sackton: Much hangs in the balance.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: there's
Mike Sackton: someone from Kinzell as well that we have.
Tim Sackton: Do you now.
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: The messenger got in our way.
Mike Sackton: Be safe.
Tim Sackton: That is not my concern.
Mike Sackton: We'll keep them safe just if anybody wants them. We have them.
Tim Sackton: All I need right now
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: the proof
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: the vampire is dead.
Tim Sackton: the medallion.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: a few hours
Tim Sackton: and I will bring you what you think.
Tim Sackton: Fragment of jade you've been looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim Sall Site.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inside, chuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Truthful.
Tim Sackton: He seems
Tim Sackton: stressed
Tim Sackton: and rather
Tim Sackton: rather busy, but not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But sincere.
Tim Sackton: Untruthful, sincere, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Tim Sackton: So you wait.
Tim Sackton: Few hours goes by. A woman brings you at some
Tim Sackton: dude.
Tim Sackton: Be patient, be patient.
Tim Sackton: Another couple hours go by.
Tim Sackton: The sun rises in the sky.
Tim Sackton: Lunchtime comes.
Tim Sackton: You get lunch
Tim Sackton: early afternoon
Tim Sackton: by
Tim Sackton: mid afternoon.
Tim Sackton: He comes out again.
Tim Sackton: and it's bearing in front of him
Tim Sackton: a lead box.
Tim Sackton: and it looks
Tim Sackton: quite happy.
Tim Sackton: Adam.
Tim Sackton: he hands it to you, opens it up. You can see there's a piece of jade in it. He closes it quickly after he opens it to shows it
Tim Sackton: bomb.
Tim Sackton: We have heard this
Tim Sackton: disturbs your dreams.
Tim Sackton: so I would be careful if I were you.
Tim Sackton: but I give it to you, and thanks
Tim Sackton: for what you have done.
Tim Sackton: Bach, Nas
Tim Sackton: Faulkner's will be led
Tim Sackton: by our ruler, who believes.
Tim Sackton: But our future is not
Tim Sackton: in making deals with
Tim Sackton: evil creatures and traitors and betrayers.
Tim Sackton: So anything else I can do for you.
Tim Sackton: There's still much we must settle internally, but
Tim Sackton: the debate is over.
Tim Sackton: and the decision has gone the way I hoped.
Tim Sackton: Does the.
Kate Sackton: Can we telepathically talk about how we want to offload the
Kate Sackton: random kinsel guy and perhaps the dagger.
Mike Sackton: No, we don.
Kate Sackton: Use because.
Mike Sackton: I thought. Well, we wanted the Decker.
Kate Sackton: Doesn't. Don't you have to be attuned to the evil network of.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, that's just the that's just the pet, the medallion, the.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Erskines are not in touch with Jardin, are they?
Eric Rosenbaum: No
Eric Rosenbaum: right? They're super closed off and secret.
Kate Sackton: Secretive? Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would love to get like some
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pass, or writ, or permission
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to come back again to trade, like to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Holy! Yes, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And all this is done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need diplomatic community like Pat, we can come and go. We flash the little thing, and then they let us in. Whenever.
Mike Sackton: I. I'd also like their advice as to whether Kinsell would appreciate the return of their.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not the old messenger.
Mike Sackton: Door to do it right now, but like.
Tim Sackton: He says.
Tim Sackton: How have you trapped this person
Tim Sackton: with some bind thing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In an extra dimensional prison.
Tim Sackton: But not
Tim Sackton: otherwise
Tim Sackton: an anti magic field or anything.
Tim Sackton: I would be surprised if you still have them trapped.
Mike Sackton: And hook.
Mike Sackton: we should check.
Tim Sackton: And emissary like that sent far
Tim Sackton: from Earth, is almost certainly going to carry
Tim Sackton: a return stone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Measure of last resort.
Tim Sackton: unless he's bound so that he cannot
Tim Sackton: crush the stone. It's play right, not squeeze it in his hand
Tim Sackton: or prevented from using magic
Tim Sackton: little teleport at home.
Mike Sackton: Did we ever establish, if you can cast spells inside the.
Tim Sackton: You, a hundred percent can cast bells inside of there.
Mike Sackton: Just you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: And last.
Tim Sackton: You can't regain slots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But you can use magic items, and you can cast spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, yeah, you could escape from it. Wow.
Mike Sackton: Sure he's gone then. Hello.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I guess I probably don't have such a.
Mike Sackton: He might be
Mike Sackton: a little pissed of us.
Kate Sackton: Tough.
Tim Sackton: Kenza will not have much sway and Ersk soon.
Tim Sackton: In fact, I'm almost glad that he is alive, for he will be evidence of the betrayal.
Tim Sackton: Not think there's much chance that they will bother you.
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: a rid of diplomatic passage, though
Tim Sackton: the best I can grant is rid of trade.
Tim Sackton: The port cities.
Kate Sackton: Save a lot of travel.
Tim Sackton: Require
Tim Sackton: much discussion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cities are useful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): us and our family. I assume
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): families.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate that as you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: continue discussions for more significant diplomatic status.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: given our role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what is unfolded.
Tim Sackton: If you return.
Tim Sackton: feel free to reach out to the Rodney of Aknas, and we will do what we can.
Tim Sackton: I cannot promise you anything now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All this Meta game. This is great. We need these guys on our side like this is when when we need. When we ride against Chardon. You know, we need all these guys. So I come in. And you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we when we village the city and stuff, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Has things unfolded with the other, Rodney. Yet
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to what degree are we known?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know all of that. I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I appreciate the square dealing that we've had with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Appreciate the understanding we had, and I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): think we've all done the right thing. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do any of them go out carrying grudges against us.
Tim Sackton: I believe, are.
Tim Sackton: Agreement was that
Tim Sackton: Rodney Faulkner's would claim credit for the death of the vampire. Was it not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Burgundy.
Mike Sackton: With.
Mike Sackton: So I.
Tim Sackton: Do not suspect your names will be much associated.
Tim Sackton: Many will know
Tim Sackton: that you came here.
Tim Sackton: if that was publicly recorded by the watchers, but
Tim Sackton: she will care or no
Tim Sackton: what you did
Tim Sackton: for us.
Tim Sackton: We will certainly not spread it around as far as.
Tim Sackton: and our interest
Tim Sackton: that this victory be associated with our name
Tim Sackton: cannot speak for what the
Tim Sackton: Kenzel messenger who you've
Tim Sackton: defeated will do. But
Tim Sackton: again, as I say, do not think Kinzel will have much sway soon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cricket.
Tim Sackton: I am pleased that you have
Tim Sackton: chosen
Tim Sackton: to help.
Tim Sackton: and should you ever wish to visit the frost now.
Tim Sackton: our portal is yours.
Tim Sackton: Snoop
Tim Sackton: week.
Tim Sackton: and with that he hands over
Tim Sackton: the lead box he was taking the jade.
Tim Sackton: ken thou?
Tim Sackton: So you take it out of the box.
Tim Sackton: and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These.
Tim Sackton: Connected to your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do. Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll also mirror.
Tim Sackton: Out!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we show that.
Tim Sackton: As well. You don't. Yeah. But first.
Tim Sackton: as Kenza takes the
Tim Sackton: as the the guy leaves, and Kenzo takes the jade out of the
Tim Sackton: out of the lead box, and as Kenzo grabs the jade fragment, the world shifts.
Tim Sackton: You're standing
Tim Sackton: in the dream world in a vast domed room
Tim Sackton: a beam of sunlight shines through the oculus, the
Tim Sackton: circular opening at the crown of the vast ceiling, reflecting
Tim Sackton: from the polished marble floor, somehow lighting the room and sparkling off countless silver star inside of the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: you can feel energy flowing around you.
Tim Sackton: deep, ancient magic of this place
Tim Sackton: that flows beneath your feet
Tim Sackton: some distance away, not immediately nearby, but close enough to grasp. You can fear the rough feel
Tim Sackton: the rough chains of the magic woven by Shimat.
Tim Sackton: the binding of a poly on.
Tim Sackton: It takes no effort at all to divert a portion of the magic flowing beneath your feet.
Tim Sackton: to pull the chains tight.
Tim Sackton: you reach into the chains, and poke around and probe at them, and feel the layers and layers and layers
Tim Sackton: of traps and bonds more powerful magic than
Tim Sackton: even you could create.
Tim Sackton: but not so powerful that you cannot maintain it. Hold on to these chains.
Tim Sackton: hardest to hold on to, are the magical bonds that keep a poly on, powerless
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the ties that wrap around him, that keep him unable to access his magical power, that
Tim Sackton: keep them unable to reach out and connect to the
Tim Sackton: sole jar that holds his life for us. This is the magic that should have that would have killed him
Tim Sackton: if we're not for careful preparation.
Tim Sackton: hiding his life for us, even from Shmat.
Tim Sackton: somewhat easier to hold onto. But still challenging are the physical bonds that change that
Tim Sackton: tie him to his final resting place that keep the powerless corpse of a Polyon
Tim Sackton: physically
Tim Sackton: a mobile in his tomb.
Tim Sackton: simplest of all, of the locks and wards around the tomb itself.
Tim Sackton: requiring really no effort at all to maintain.
Tim Sackton: should all out stale. These are the last last resort.
Tim Sackton: for a Polyon cannot truly regain his power till he is physically reunited with the soulstone that holds his life force
Tim Sackton: and is once again able to feed it, the soles of the dead.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly, as you
Tim Sackton: pull all of these chains and locks and bonds in your hand. Time ruptures, and the pigeon splinters.
Tim Sackton: You see the past, the present, the future, all at once
Tim Sackton: magical bonds that keep up holly on powerless, and that chained him a mobile to his tomb.
Tim Sackton: Fracture have been fractured for many years.
Tim Sackton: The flow of energy shifts and is shifting now.
Tim Sackton: and magic pours into a Holion's tube.
Tim Sackton: yet his soulstone is still trapped.
Tim Sackton: the souls of the dead killed in Napoleon's name. Give him power. They pour into drink, or they're still pouring into drink, or
Tim Sackton: many
Tim Sackton: but too few, far too few.
Tim Sackton: hundreds. Only
Tim Sackton: when thousands or more would have been better
Tim Sackton: still, hundreds are enough, maybe, to shadow the last
Tim Sackton: wards and locks
Tim Sackton: and be free. But it'll take time. Weeks do it now.
Tim Sackton: instead of instantaneously
Tim Sackton: in the vision where thousands are dead.
Tim Sackton: but the chains are breaking will break.
Tim Sackton: and as you watch
Tim Sackton: time running in all directions, and the chains crack.
Tim Sackton: the vision ends
Tim Sackton: and the jade fuses onto Kenzo's staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We go to drink, or next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but just skip all the other stuff, go straight to drink water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's where.
Mike Sackton: Don't we need the other piece of the. There's still 2 pieces of the head we don't have right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are, but I think we should just act rationally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anybody else feeling a little gravy.
Kate Sackton: Just go up against the near God with like, practically nothing.
Kate Sackton: Because, yeah, like. And.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should prevent, like the 100 soul things from getting there right like. Doesn't that feel like a worthy quest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this
Eric Rosenbaum: way that he's being powered by soul, something that we knew about already. How does that work.
Tim Sackton: This is not something you knew about.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
Eric Rosenbaum: Coming from.
Kate Sackton: Several 100 Chardonians were just killed in a terrorist attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they were hoping for thousands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something was thwarted, something that they tried to do didn't work.
Mike Sackton: You know, like a civil war.
Tim Sackton: Caught.
Mike Sackton: Or an undead army marching across.
Tim Sackton: Denmar right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, by us!
Tim Sackton: You still have like 4 weeks. It's easy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it cake?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it feels like our options are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go straight to drink or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go to chart in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those are like the rest of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Correct click the rest of the jade, but faster.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we.
Kate Sackton: Meditate, but faster.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give me a telephone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's the that's pretty main question for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: did. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, we know we know where one of them is. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we.
Kate Sackton: Some some murking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like deep underwater.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, there's one in a jungle far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Eric Rosenbaum: Do do we know which jump do we know like where that is on the map?
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That from the philosopher's guild or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we do.
Tim Sackton: It's the it's the Drankorian jungle.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Tim Sackton: Remember, a train car is overgrown with a jungle. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think that solves the order of operations. Then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is there a third one? Is it just those 2 lists.
Mike Sackton: Was the third one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you got the third one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good. We've gotten 5 of them. It's been pretty.
Mike Sackton: 3. It was fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the third one. We've gotten.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You round it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've finished the job.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Mike Sackton: Always wrapped up.
Tim Sackton: Proud of him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certain approximation. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Do we know where deep underwater this is?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thought we did like.
Mike Sackton: But we did, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bunch of clues.
Tim Sackton: There is a kelp forest west of Chardon.
Mike Sackton: Can you put the map on the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: List of chart.
Tim Sackton: Is this, I think this is the
Tim Sackton: as light doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: like there somewhere. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you don't know exactly where. But
Tim Sackton: it's.
Kate Sackton: Just on the opposite side of the world.
Tim Sackton: That teleport.
Tim Sackton: Gotta use your teleport for something.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could be a thousand miles off with that range.
Mike Sackton: We'd have to.
Tim Sackton: Like you just got us
Tim Sackton: sleep and teleport again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Grey.
Mike Sackton: But also, I mean, we could teleport to somewhere.
Mike Sackton: we know right like would be hard to tell to the.
Tim Sackton: Sailed through this canal, for example.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kai! Aye.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
Mike Sackton: Or we get to upward to Jarvin.
Mike Sackton: That's yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So long for it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could just teleport to chart. And you've been there lots of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When are we feeling false? Though.
Mike Sackton: That's why we would tell Port to chart. It is kill Fausto.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, are we coming out.
Kate Sackton: I think that's just one more soul sacrifice to a Polyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No like. Very seriously, we need to kill Paso, like Paso, needs to die.
Mike Sackton: I am wondering if we go to chartered and kill Bosto like tomorrow morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, part of me is like, Yeah, we're people. You'll get the ham.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, again. But it's like we won't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the full location, the the location until we get the the jungle piece right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's like we don't learn anything new by getting the merge.
Mike Sackton: And this just revealed a whole bunch of new stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Every time you've gotten a piece of jade.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And tighten the chains a little, which is good, at least neat, I was saying. What's the what's the downside of leaving Fosteo?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Live a little like it gets worse for us. It gets worse for Denmark, but, like.
Mike Sackton: Other than it being worse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): World ending a polyon release.
Mike Sackton: Well. Fausto is obviously one of his kiw tenants.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everyone we've met.
Kate Sackton: If the only way to trap him is the jade. Then slowing us down by spending time on.
Tim Sackton: Well, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no, no! What reason? We just said. What if opening the scroll to pandemonium is not actually about war with Denmark? What if that is mostly about trying to sucker us into coming back to charting to deal with it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if it's not a trap for Jumma? It's a trap for us.
Mike Sackton: Could be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how would they benefit from the war?
Mike Sackton: That's all for the Polynom.
Tim Sackton: So so as as a reminder. The point of the the reason you originally started getting the jades is the theory is that
Tim Sackton: so you need to find
Tim Sackton: a polyons Filipary that's like soul stone
Tim Sackton: cause. Otherwise you can never actually kill them. You need to destroy them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the vampires. Yeah, like a poppy. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And the theory is that if you assemble
Tim Sackton: all the pieces of jade and show it to the mirror.
Tim Sackton: or possibly you don't even need to show it to the mirror. You might just have a vision
Tim Sackton: that will reveal what the filamentary is. And then you just need to go to Jardin, find the filtery, destroy it, go to Apollon's tomb, kill a polyon, and you win.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: going to
Tim Sackton: drank, or without knowing what the file actor is is risky.
Tim Sackton: because if you kill a polyon without destroying the file factory it does literally no good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we're not really gonna do that. But it would just.
Tim Sackton: I'm just. I'm just pointing it out. You'd be left trying to figure out the factory from whatever clues you could uncover in place.
Tim Sackton: which is not necessarily impossible.
Tim Sackton: but it's probably much harder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Them. The factory was always ourselves.
Tim Sackton: It was always yourselves.
Tim Sackton: There's one.
Mike Sackton: Type.
Tim Sackton: There's one shard of a polyon soul in each one of you.
Mike Sackton: In our duplicates. Possibly right? Like, maybe we have to kill our duplicates to destroy the flat tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The factory was the friends we made along the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So where we go next
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we go straight for the jade, or do we go? Do we do a little little part in sidebar.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say it's straight from the jade.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jaden, we're in. We're in the neighborhood. If we decide to do charting after that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, right.
Kate Sackton: Well, they do have any seafaring ideas about
Kate Sackton: once we get to the coast, how to
Kate Sackton: I. It would be awfully convenient to have our flying airship to go over the ocean to this mer kingdom. But we don't have our flying airship, because it's gonna be way slower than our teleport. So.
Mike Sackton: Right, and probably can't wait 2 weeks for a flying airship.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Oh, that's what I was. Gonna say it, Kenza, thinking back to the rate at which the
Tim Sackton: chains are cracking in your dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You very likely have until the end of May.
Tim Sackton: before our poly on is free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is it gonna be like a lot different when he's free like? Is it gonna be like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, cause then he'll go get his filipery and become much more powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then, is that gonna be a lot different, or is it.
Tim Sackton: I mean he'll just be harder to kill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's sort of like climate change like it's gonna be that bad, you know. It's kinda you know.
Tim Sackton: It's like the difference between, you know, 1.5 degrees and
Tim Sackton: 6 degrees.
Tim Sackton: Well, no, Apollia is more like 3 degrees. Is the difference between 3 degrees and 6 degrees like, is it that bad? I mean, really, a few people will probably survive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The difference between 3 degrees and 6 degrees.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's not an extinction level event.
Tim Sackton: not for humans, anyway.
Mike Sackton: 6 6 is closer.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it's close to extinction level.
Kate Sackton: I think the size around the scale is a little bit hard.
Mike Sackton: A little bit vague. Baby.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should send our skyship not to. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I think we want Vindhstrada with us in dry corps right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Possible. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So couple of options. Option one Jardin can burn Dunmark and burn.
Mike Sackton: We go to the Merfoc with teleport. We send Fldrick
Mike Sackton: all speed towards drink or
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And further away. Doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Well drank, was about the same distance, probably.
Tim Sackton: Drank, or is 400 miles closer than Chardon.
Mike Sackton: But we want to send him possibly a slightly safer. He would stop in Uzbekar.
Mike Sackton: Go to Uzkhar is where we decided.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aye.
Mike Sackton: Cause. That's relatively close to drink corps, and we could give them more instructions like, how far is it from Ukraine to drink? Or it's 800 miles. So what is that like? 2 days on the ship?
Tim Sackton: That's like 3 days, 2 and a half days.
Mike Sackton: So he would. He would hold over Uzkar until we contacted him. Because I don't want him getting too close to drink on his own right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love, how it's
Eric Rosenbaum: safely put him up with some Orcs.
Mike Sackton: Friendly. They love.
Tim Sackton: You got with my loose card in your.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, like, it'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: And like, they all like, Briswitt is like their new hero.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really, so.
Mike Sackton: and then we teleport over to the Merfoc area. We deal with the Murph as quickly as we can. We teleport back to Ozkakar. Actually, that's even better. If they're in Ooozek car. We don't even have to Rainbow Bridge
Mike Sackton: right? We could teleport to who's guitar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good call.
Eric Rosenbaum: good call.
Mike Sackton: And then we fly
Mike Sackton: to Drake, or then what saves if we do it all? I mean, in theory we could do that all in 7 days.
Kate Sackton: And we better.
Mike Sackton: Wow! We have a bucket
Mike Sackton: right? Isn't it like May second, or something like that?
Tim Sackton: It's May fourth.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So we have a month. We have 26 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: What capacity you don't have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And over.
Mike Sackton: No, once we defeat a poly on this, the whole we have to go. We have to go clear out the acid ooze from from its.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Have to find Seeker's brother.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we gotta go explore the other planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You need to find secret, brother. That's actually really important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Up.
Tim Sackton: It would take them 8 to 9 days to get to Uzkar
Tim Sackton: on. Vendors aren't enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Option.
Mike Sackton: 2
Mike Sackton: that really feels like the right thing to do now that I think about it. Like.
Mike Sackton: if Apollo's going to be free in a month.
Mike Sackton: Charter and Dunbar aren't gonna go. They're not gonna like, have a massive, bloody war within a month, right?
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: 700 miles from Chardon to the Denmark border, like it's gonna take him to march a legion there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Like. We said it would be like an air strike sort of thing.
Kate Sackton: but
Kate Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: I think we. I think our plan is we get back in touch with Sarah and the Denmari and say, basically do nothing.
Mike Sackton: We are going at Tower. We're going after a polynom within the next couple of weeks.
Mike Sackton: Do
Mike Sackton: do everything they can to avoid provoke, you know.
Mike Sackton: chart in
Mike Sackton: basically ignore chime as much as you can.
Kate Sackton: Diplomatic delay.
Mike Sackton: Just like don't get involved, like, you know. Like if they march, retreat right, they won't get there within a month.
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing that's not engaged.
Eric Rosenbaum: This whole thing is going to hinge on.
Eric Rosenbaum: How much power a polyon accumulates through these like
Eric Rosenbaum: the whole harvesting thing, and we just don't know where that's gonna happen next. It's we're gonna have to like scramble to stop something from happening.
Mike Sackton: But the other option is to just
Mike Sackton: try and be faster than.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like we can't find ourselves often the world causing problems. Right?
Mike Sackton: It's too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we don't know. We don't know where they are. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It could be anywhere, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't wait to find out what the other
Eric Rosenbaum: copies of us are doing.
Mike Sackton: I think all we could do is use magic to warn as many people as we can.
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: race as fast as we can towards
Mike Sackton: upon him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's so unlike us, though, to not be distracted by any of these other things that Tim is dangling on us right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a lot of very tantalotic side quests right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're not gonna do any of them.
Mike Sackton: None of that.
Kate Sackton: Really.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like Jared.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's gonna be a partner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: When.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): About the urgency right?
Mike Sackton: Tim basically, is
Mike Sackton: weighing out the calendar. There's a big rent X on it, and it says, Doomsday.
Mike Sackton: right? And we're so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Saying, Oh, that gives us plenty of time.
Mike Sackton: And he's trying to encourage in every way possible for us to take seriously the fact that he means it's doomsday, because he would like us to kill a polynom, so he can get into the interplay or part of a campaign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know what there are climate scientists that say Apollo, is not that big? A threat.
Mike Sackton: It's just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not settled.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there's definitely a faculty at the University of Charlton that's very, you know, into a poly on denial.
Eric Rosenbaum: A bog.
Mike Sackton: But if you look at their funding you'll see.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a culture.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is something.
Mike Sackton: Just sources.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the wealthiest of the wealthy are building their bunkers.
Mike Sackton: Like Lyra is going to her. Booker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait. Do we just tell far how the fuck do we go? That's the mer thing. How do we.
Mike Sackton: We teleport to the Channel, we teleport to the channel that we went through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then we we probably have to hire ship or something to take us.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how far is that? That's like.
Kate Sackton: Which is the question I asked. We'll be like 20 min ago, was, did he have some connections for.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the problem is, is like 400 miles up along the coast of that peninsula.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then what do we do? We just sail into the ocean and then see what happens like. Well, how do we.
Mike Sackton: While we hunt rumors of a kelp forest.
Mike Sackton: and Murphoker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Matt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my, thank you.
Tim Sackton: You days.
Mike Sackton: It'll take us a little bit of time.
Mike Sackton: But that's okay. Right? Basically, what we're trying to do is finish this. Our timeline is 8 days.
Mike Sackton: Right cause. Then we teleport to Uzkart. Vintoshana is there, and then we had to tranquar on vintage. Sharon to find the last chain.
Mike Sackton: and and California.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, the way that we're talking about this. It feels like there's just 3 more steps in this campaign is over. Is that like real.
Kate Sackton: That's.
Tim Sackton: 3!
Kate Sackton: More steps until you can ditch Brisbane and go to Colorado.
Tim Sackton: No, I I don't think we're going to get there. I have some some ideas for Colorado, but it's probably not going to be.
Mike Sackton: Postify on.
Tim Sackton: Post, the poly on.
Mike Sackton: No, we have.
Kate Sackton: Okay, we.
Mike Sackton: We have several major things we have to do after a call. Right?
Mike Sackton: We have to. We have to find Fldrick
Mike Sackton: right? We have to.
Tim Sackton: Distracted.
Mike Sackton: Frank, are, we have to get the strength? Well, we might have to find falser, too. Actually.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm good in that thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Mike Sackton: We have to get distracted on at least one, if not 2, or maybe 3 side quests on various other planes like, we haven't even gone to any other planes. Yet guys.
Tim Sackton: You really badly dropped the whole mosh 2 thing there's like 7 other.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Waters.
Mike Sackton: We could go deal with Mosh to.
Tim Sackton: Plus. There's a giant acidic ooze that lives in isn't gay.
Mike Sackton: We have to go defeat the giant acidic news because I was making up something about hop goblins. It was like, I have an idea. You can't make anything up about these hob goblins anymore.
Mike Sackton: So there's something going on there.
Tim Sackton: Lots that's up, I mean, or you can decide like
Tim Sackton: some of you could retire like not everybody we could. You could swap characters out if you want to like. If Welby's like, I'm done adventuring.
Tim Sackton: although Welby would a hundred percent go on and up to another plane like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Kate Sackton: This one's gonna make a wolf sign business. She's gonna retire and make animal signs for all the pubs.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was very successful
Eric Rosenbaum: event.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I I think that's the point. I think we should
Mike Sackton: spring
Mike Sackton: no side quests, no distractions. Get the jade, get to use guitar, kill poly on.
Mike Sackton: then do whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't feel right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Laser focus.
Mike Sackton: Kez is like, but if we kill Paulian, then
Mike Sackton: I'll be fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't feel right, doesn't feel right to do this fast side quest. I don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: those all too focused for us. I don't like it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, let's in. Let's wrap up with 2 things.
Tim Sackton: If you're teleporting, let's roll the teleportation role before we end. So you see where you end up.
Tim Sackton: Second, let's do the let's let's check in with your followers.
Mike Sackton: So yeah, I I'm gonna cast like 6 streams tomorrow, cause there's a lot of people we have to talk to.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But is that?
Mike Sackton: Wait? We teleported here this morning.
Tim Sackton: You teleported here this morning, so you can't teleport again till.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna so we're gonna do the we can do the dreams first, and then the teleport.
Tim Sackton: Exactly. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you you
Tim Sackton: go a little ways off. You make camp.
Tim Sackton: It's, you know, evening already by the time you
Tim Sackton: settle in, and and you've it's warmer than this now, I guess.
Tim Sackton: you settle in and you've you've gotten
Tim Sackton: You make your camp. You're ready to
Tim Sackton: cast your various
Tim Sackton: spells, and prepare in the morning for seeker to teleport you
Tim Sackton: the morning of May fifth.
Tim Sackton: 3,000 miles west.
Tim Sackton: Seekers very confident about this, like nothing can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it.
Tim Sackton: But who do you want to cast dream on.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: first.
Mike Sackton: baldrick.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: Although actually wait! Hold on! Can I cast.
Kate Sackton: Maybe talk to Kathara. First find out what's really happening, and then you can manage Fuldrick.
Tim Sackton: You can let somebody else.
Mike Sackton: Just gonna say I can cast this on somebody else.
Mike Sackton: I don't even think it's a concentration spell. I can cast a bunch of people at once.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: and now it's south.
Tim Sackton: No, but you can choose somebody else to be the messenger.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, you are a little creature you touch enters the translate, acting as a messenger. Yeah, fine.
Mike Sackton: so
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: seeker. You may talk to Faldrick.
Mike Sackton: Go figure out what's going on with him.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: I'll cast on.
Mike Sackton: Actually, does somebody want to talk to one? Or do they who wants to talk to people I could cast. I could cast 3 of these.
Kate Sackton: Well, what are you trying to learn
Kate Sackton: things about trying to communicate things all around Jardin? Are we focusing 2 of them on our ship, because we'd really like to know what's really going on.
Mike Sackton: Now I can short rest of the cast. 3 more. So let's do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's not. We can all catch up with our rps.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So like I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do.
Mike Sackton: sir. Well, no, this round
Mike Sackton: that. Well, doesn't need to talk to anybody on the
Mike Sackton: yeah, why don't you talk to your follower?
Mike Sackton: And Riz would talks to her follower and seeker sees what's going on with
Tim Sackton: So Fodrek almond Katherine.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, sounds like it.
Kate Sackton: Good set.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you all cast these bells, and everybody
Tim Sackton: appears
Tim Sackton: in your dreams
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: let's see.
Tim Sackton: Kathera goes first, she she says.
Tim Sackton: risen.
Tim Sackton: It's so great to see you. We've had quite the adventure.
Tim Sackton: Hope you're okay. Are you coming back soon?
Tim Sackton: Not quite sure where Fodric is taking us right now?
Kate Sackton: Does. Does? Has he explained something relating, perhaps, to your adventures?
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: we rescued these halfling trading ship
Tim Sackton: over the Green C.
Tim Sackton: They were caught in a storm, and we
Tim Sackton: flew them out. A new mast from the forests.
Tim Sackton: They were the Whitehavens.
Tim Sackton: based out of tollen.
Tim Sackton: Faldrick is all happy with himself.
Tim Sackton: A little bit sad that Ketcha left with them. They were heading east. But apparently there's Kenku that live
Tim Sackton: way in the East, in the islands.
Tim Sackton: He gave him 500 gold. I hope that was okay.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what you agreed to pay Ketcha for a scouting services. Faldrick said. It was a lot.
Tim Sackton: I didn't stop him, but maybe I should have.
Kate Sackton: Gold comes, gold goes.
Mike Sackton: How much is 50 pounds of gold bars wear
Mike Sackton: 5,000.
Tim Sackton: I I guess it was less of a smart idea to attack the Hob Goblin pirate ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Obann.
Tim Sackton: We're kind of running from them right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kill me!
Tim Sackton: I don't think they're gonna catch us.
Tim Sackton: you know Frederick's bird right?
Tim Sackton: He was supposed to burn the ballista they were shooting at us with, but he burned the sale instead. So we're like way ahead of them now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure they have another sale, but, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, it's dark.
Tim Sackton: Audra took us way up high and said, That's what Seeker would do is make it cold.
Tim Sackton: It's like.
Kate Sackton: Hey!
Tim Sackton: I wish to do. That
Tim Sackton: didn't seem like a very dwarven thing to me.
Tim Sackton: There must be some
Tim Sackton: secret to them
Tim Sackton: basing a tuners and whatever.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, it's
Tim Sackton: We found Algar's sister Algarn's sister.
Tim Sackton: So he laughed.
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Mike Sackton: Who oh, the Frost Giant! They found his sister.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long have we been gone? Jeez.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Month. You've been gone a month.
Tim Sackton: If we're ever gonna be known as the Side Quests ourselves, we have to do some adventures.
Kate Sackton: All right. Well, I'm glad that these reins are made, and I hope your assessment of escaping the pirates is
Kate Sackton: correct. It sounds.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I I think
Tim Sackton: I just if you could.
Tim Sackton: Frederick, hasn't!
Tim Sackton: I've seen Seeker use that
Tim Sackton: ice ballista to shoot these massive ice spears.
Tim Sackton: I don't think Fodric knows how to do that properly.
Tim Sackton: He tried.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: It didn't really work. I I fixed everything he broke. Don't worry. It was just like a a little bit of a hmm!
Tim Sackton: Some of the gardens got a little frozen.
Tim Sackton: He sort of misdirected the ice, maybe at. We've told him he can't use them again until he gets better training. But he's actually quite happy. Just buying.
Tim Sackton: he said. We're going south now, back to visit the Orcs.
Tim Sackton: wait! You told them that already, right.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: Okay, he she doesn't say that.
Tim Sackton: I think we're about to.
Mike Sackton: Tell them that.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: it's been an eye-opener.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if your companions are as distracting to travel with as my companions.
Kate Sackton: That is the
Kate Sackton: the navigating of
Kate Sackton: relationships that one does as part of a party.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I did learn a few things about Cos
Tim Sackton: good weapons.
Tim Sackton: Got a good well-made one.
Kate Sackton: Not from the pirates.
Tim Sackton: No, we just left them behind. They
Tim Sackton: they had a bunch of fire breaks, little flying lizards that were coming alluded to
Tim Sackton: close.
Tim Sackton: I was surprised actually, at how good Omal was
Tim Sackton: punched one out of the sky.
Tim Sackton: Not bad.
Kate Sackton: Not bad at all.
Kate Sackton: I mean I could tell her I
Kate Sackton: there's no reason I can't tell her that they're going south.
Mike Sackton: You can. Yeah, you can. This change, all happen concurrently.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, every day.
Mike Sackton: Asleep. Right? That's how the dream works. Yes.
Kate Sackton: So I think that when you wake you'll find that
Kate Sackton: Padre has learned that we, in our previous conversation, had said to go west. But now South is the way to go.
Kate Sackton: so we'll reunite with you in the South.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: I do feel we have to.
Tim Sackton: tell the Whitehavens that they're
Tim Sackton: the news.
Tim Sackton: maybe we can get a message somehow. But I don't really know how hufflings
Tim Sackton: maybe you can ask your friend. Well, be like.
Tim Sackton: do we need to tell them they weren't going to Tolan? They were heading east.
Tim Sackton: Have they like called for help? And we have to tell them that there's no that they don't need help. I don't quite know why, Faldrick said. We had to go to Tolan.
Tim Sackton: But maybe you can ask Bobby about that. Do we need to go to Tolan and say, the White Haven's are okay.
Kate Sackton: I think that we can
Kate Sackton: communicate that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I trust you.
Tim Sackton: The.
Kate Sackton: You having to make a detour.
Kate Sackton: You have a long way to travel south.
Tim Sackton: I'll be very interested.
Tim Sackton: Heading over to fall, Jack.
Tim Sackton: Dr. Frederick Seeker.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, we've hmm good to hear from you. It's been a month.
Tim Sackton: You've had quite a number of great successes in that time. You would be quite interested to hear
Tim Sackton: we needed some hobgoblin pirates.
Tim Sackton: We made a connection with some rebel giants. I think they're gonna head west and maybe do something about bremscard.
Tim Sackton: Can
Tim Sackton: we rescued some halflings, and I think there might be a reward for us if we go back to Tolan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Real time.
Tim Sackton: Maybe not. Maybe you don't need the money. I I did pay Ketcha.
Tim Sackton: 500 gold, thought he deserved a good fee for guiding us safely across the forest, and then
Tim Sackton: finding those frost giants, I mean, that was not easy.
Tim Sackton: How have you been? And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim Broomskarda is the dragon.
Tim Sackton: No, the Frost Giant kick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was a frustrating king. These are rebels plotting against him. I don't remember the giant politics. Oh, man.
Mike Sackton: Wait. They.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's.
Tim Sackton: Nobody ever told you about giant politics
Tim Sackton: but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyway. Well, we've been. We've been busy ourselves. So the ship is okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the ship is great! There's a little mouth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sin.
Tim Sackton: With the frost generator.
Tim Sackton: you're you've.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I I never trained you on the frost generator.
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: it looked easy. I've been to the Feywild. You know. How hard can it be.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not the same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: my friend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look
Eric Rosenbaum: I need it. I need you serious and focused with with the, with the
Eric Rosenbaum: the use of our precious agent.
Eric Rosenbaum: unique in the world and very powerful ship.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, not something to.
Eric Rosenbaum: To experiment with, you know, it's.
Tim Sackton: It was great.
Tim Sackton: It's been quite a lot of fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Glad you're having a good time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And or you know.
Tim Sackton: So I think we're gonna go to Tolan. And then where do you want us to meet you?
Eric Rosenbaum: in in all seriousness. Baldric the state of the world is not what it seems to you. I know that you've been having some interesting adventures, but very serious important things afoot, and I unfortunately don't have time to clue you into all the details. But we need we have a new plan
Eric Rosenbaum: we're in charge here.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I need to
Eric Rosenbaum: ask you to to change
Eric Rosenbaum: change the course you're plotting right away
Eric Rosenbaum: to head to his cigar.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we will meet you there as soon as we can.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: sounds, serious.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's really serious.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: no side quests at all.
Tim Sackton: Maybe one small side quest.
Tim Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what would it be?
Tim Sackton: Well, I've been working with like
Tim Sackton: 8 or 9 days there. Who knows what will fly over.
Mike Sackton: I need that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd recommend keeping it high
Eric Rosenbaum: the way you have been. I've heard on the way there.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's some messiness that you can get into. We found out the hard way, and to fly too low. Even if you're curious, don't get too low.
Eric Rosenbaum: Send somebody to fly down there. If you, if you need to, but but keep the ship out of at a heart's way. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, part of that route is gonna be passing over the plague lands. That's not something I really want to miss.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, you don't wanna mess with that.
Tim Sackton: Mostly over open seat, though I don't think it's too bad. Actually, are we? Are we picking you up, or pretty
Tim Sackton: close? I think we're just in between Erskine Erla right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we have to go head out
Eric Rosenbaum: west
Eric Rosenbaum: for a little bit, and then we're gonna come back.
Tim Sackton: Okay, we'll see you in his guitar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Expect it to be a week or so.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, I think we can do that. And
Tim Sackton: like, I said, 8 or 9 days hopefully, it's pretty easy navigating. As long as there's no store for anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think he'll do great.
Tim Sackton: Thank you. See, Kurt, it's been.
Tim Sackton: It's been real fun, actually.
Tim Sackton: groups really coming together.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good! I'm I'm glad to hear that, you know. Sorry to have to leave you
Eric Rosenbaum: with with such a motley crew, but
Eric Rosenbaum: you know there's a reason that we put all those people together on that chip.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: we'll see you there.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo talks to Amal. He says
Tim Sackton: you would never believe that
Tim Sackton: there was this fire dragon, and I punched it in the head, and it fell into the ocean.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it was little.
Tim Sackton: It wasn't a big dragon like you fought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's this fire driving?
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's dead now it balance! Oh, it came from a half.
Tim Sackton: No, not halfling, hobgoblin pirate ship
Tim Sackton: that we tried to destroy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why were you engaging with a hop cup and Powershell.
Tim Sackton: while Frederick said, pirates are bad.
Tim Sackton: and hobgoblins are worse.
Tim Sackton: and we can't let them sail. The ocean
Tim Sackton: was that wrong? Seemed right to me to be honest, like I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you know.
Tim Sackton: Those are all basically true. Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a bigger conversation we all need to have once we all get back together on the shift. So for now, you know. Be safe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: travel well, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't know where side quests for now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, is the the core takeaway.
Tim Sackton: I got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Glad you punched in the Dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lots of progress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I I did exactly what you told you taught me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About, punching dragons.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Just punching in general.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good. Good. Good. That's good. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sing every day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good good practice, punching.
Tim Sackton: All the way up to level 2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Level 2 punching is very good. We all started there, we all, I I once was a level 2 puncher, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright I'll keep this one. Short, Tim. Very good.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So let's let's just summarize the remaining
Tim Sackton: dream events and then roll teleport and then go to bed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, all I was. I mean, I was gonna.
Tim Sackton: You're just warning a bunch to people.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So I wanna warn
Mike Sackton: Sarah Haldar.
Mike Sackton: anybody else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Case already
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my my my dude.
Mike Sackton: It's not a bad idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's out in the in malware.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love the plan. I apologize. I have to step off to go get a a kid in bed right now, though.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm ready.
Tim Sackton: I mean we.
Mike Sackton: Marketing guys, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was awesome session.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Goodnight. Thanks.
Tim Sackton: As.
Mike Sackton: I didn't die.
Mike Sackton: They are Uk.
Kate Sackton: I know we told Katherine and Amal the whole password thing, too, in addition to having already communicated that to Baldrick.
Tim Sackton: I'm okay.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead, Mike.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, just those those 3, for now, if I think of others, I could always cast another round of dreams the next night, or something like if we have time on the ship or something.
Mike Sackton: I also want to just tell Sarah to
Mike Sackton: do as little like.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: What we talked about earlier? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. You communicate your plan like, try and
Tim Sackton: keep them from
Tim Sackton: fighting. Just keep them slow. Hopefully, things will be resolved before real battle breaks out.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Alright. When do you wanna.
Kate Sackton: Say, throw somewhere into your list of send of dreams to tell, or I'll do a sending to tell the dwarves to look out for duplicate risk. Win.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I can't send to. I can't dream somebody never met.
Tim Sackton: Sending the Demos right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Now
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm rolling to teleport us to
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: north side of that canal. Crossing.
Tim Sackton: Yes, which is a place that I wouldn't say. You're very familiar. You've seen casually.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean we were there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: so that's
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: alright, everybody take turns blown on the dice, so to speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna nail it, I'm sure, and then the low numbers are good for this.
Mike Sackton: Numbers.
Eric Rosenbaum: High numbers are good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, in America. Okay.
Mike Sackton: We have lost from 20. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go, this
Eric Rosenbaum: ancient.
Tim Sackton: Great seeker is so good at this teleporting thing.
Tim Sackton: you are exactly on Target
Tim Sackton: 80 three's on Terry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Nice.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: You appear on the
Tim Sackton: coast
Tim Sackton: of the Chargmen. See on the north side of the canal.
Tim Sackton: and that is where we will pick up next time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Almost disappointed. We're not.
Mike Sackton: I doubt it's yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But oh, well.
Tim Sackton: It seekers just getting.